§§ 1 to 14. Repealed.
§ 15. Repealed.
§ 16. Repealed.
§§ 17 to 21. Repealed.
§§ 22 to 43a. Repealed.
§§ 44 to 46. Transferred
§ 51. Liability of common carriers by railroad, in interstate or foreign commerce, for injuries to employees from negligence; employee defined
        Every common carrier by railroad while engaging in commerce between any of the several States or Territories, or between any of the States and Territories, or between the District of Columbia and any of the States or Territories, or between the District of Columbia or any of the States or Territories and any foreign nation or nations, shall be liable in damages to any person suffering injury while he is employed by such carrier in such commerce, or, in case of the death of such employee, to his or her personal representative, for the benefit of the surviving widow or husband and children of such employee; and, if none, then of such employee’s parents; and, if none, then of the next of kin dependent upon such employee, for such injury or death resulting in whole or in part from the negligence of any of the officers, agents, or employees of such carrier, or by reason of any defect or insufficiency, due to its negligence, in its cars, engines, appliances, machinery, track, roadbed, works, boats, wharves, or other equipment.
        Any employee of a carrier, any part of whose duties as such employee shall be the furtherance of interstate or foreign commerce; or shall, in any way directly or closely and substantially, affect such commerce as above set forth shall, for the purposes of this chapter, be considered as being employed by such carrier in such commerce and shall be considered as entitled to the benefits of this chapter.
§ 52. Carriers in Territories or other possessions of United States
        Every common carrier by railroad in the Territories, the District of Columbia, the Panama Canal Zone, or other possessions of the United States shall be liable in damages to any person suffering injury while he is employed by such carrier in any of said jurisdictions, or, in case of the death of such employee, to his or her personal representative, for the benefit of the surviving widow or husband and children of such employee; and, if none, then of such employee’s parents; and, if none, then of the next of kin dependent upon such employee, for such injury or death resulting in whole or in part from the negligence of any of the officers, agents, or employees of such carrier, or by reason of any defect or insufficiency, due to its negligence, in its cars, engines, appliances, machinery, track, roadbed, works, boats, wharves, or other equipment.
§ 53. Contributory negligence; diminution of damages
        In all actions on and after
            April 22, 1908
            Provided
§ 54. Assumption of risks of employment
        In any action brought against any common carrier under or by virtue of any of the provisions of this chapter to recover damages for injuries to, or the death of, any of its employees, such employee shall not be held to have assumed the risks of his employment in any case where such injury or death resulted in whole or in part from the negligence of any of the officers, agents, or employees of such carrier; and no employee shall be held to have assumed the risks of his employment in any case where the violation by such common carrier of any statute enacted for the safety of employees contributed to the injury or death of such employee.
§ 54a. Certain Federal and State regulations deemed statutory authority
        A regulation, standard, or requirement in force, or prescribed by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 201 of title 49 or by a State agency that is participating in investigative and surveillance activities under
            section 20105 of title 49
§ 55. Contract, rule, regulation, or device exempting from liability; set-off
        Any contract, rule, regulation, or device whatsoever, the purpose or intent of which shall be to enable any common carrier to exempt itself from any liability created by this chapter, shall to that extent be void:
            Provided
§ 56. Actions; limitation; concurrent jurisdiction of courts
        No action shall be maintained under this chapter unless commenced within three years from the day the cause of action accrued.
        Under this chapter an action may be brought in a district court of the United States, in the district of the residence of the defendant, or in which the cause of action arose, or in which the defendant shall be doing business at the time of commencing such action. The jurisdiction of the courts of the United States under this chapter shall be concurrent with that of the courts of the several States.
§ 57. Who included in term “common carrier”
        The term “common carrier” as used in this chapter shall include the receiver or receivers or other persons or corporations charged with the duty of the management and operation of the business of a common carrier.
§ 58. Duty or liability of common carriers and rights of employees under other acts not impaired
        Nothing in this chapter shall be held to limit the duty or liability of common carriers or to impair the rights of their employees under any other Act or Acts of Congress.
§ 59. Survival of right of action of person injured
        Any right of action given by this chapter to a person suffering injury shall survive to his or her personal representative, for the benefit of the surviving widow or husband and children of such employee, and, if none, then of such employee’s parents; and, if none, then of the next of kin dependent upon such employee, but in such cases there shall be only one recovery for the same injury.
§ 60. Penalty for suppression of voluntary information incident to accidents; separability
        Any contract, rule, regulation, or device whatsoever, the purpose, intent, or effect of which shall be to prevent employees of any common carrier from furnishing voluntarily information to a person in interest as to the facts incident to the injury or death of any employee, shall be void, and whoever, by threat, intimidation, order, rule, contract, regulation, or device whatsoever, shall attempt to prevent any person from furnishing voluntarily such information to a person in interest, or whoever discharges or otherwise disciplines or attempts to discipline any employee for furnishing voluntarily such information to a person in interest, shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than $1,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year, or by both such fine and imprisonment, for each offense:
            Provided
        If any provision of this chapter is declared unconstitutional or the applicability thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the validity of the remainder of the chapter and the applicability of such provision to other persons and circumstances shall not be affected thereby.
§§ 61 to 64b. Repealed.
§§ 65, 66. Repealed.
§§ 71 to 74. Repealed.
§§ 75, 76. Transferred
§§ 81 to 92. Repealed.
§ 92a. Repealed.
§ 93. Transferred
§§ 94, 95. Repealed.
§§ 101 to 125. Repealed.
§ 126. Repealed.
§§ 131 to 146. Repealed.
§ 151. Definitions; short title
    1 
        When used in this chapter and for the purposes of this chapter—
        1 
        First. The term “carrier” includes any railroad subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board, any express company that would have been subject to subtitle IV of title 49, as of
            December 31, 1995
            1
            1 
                1
            Provided, however
        Second. The term “Adjustment Board” means the National Railroad Adjustment Board created by this chapter.
        Third. The term “Mediation Board” means the National Mediation Board created by this chapter.
        Fourth. The term “commerce” means commerce among the several States or between any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia and any foreign nation, or between any Territory or the District of Columbia and any State, or between any Territory and any other Territory, or between any Territory and the District of Columbia, or within any Territory or the District of Columbia, or between points in the same State but through any other State or any Territory or the District of Columbia or any foreign nation.
        Fifth. The term “employee” as used herein includes every person in the service of a carrier (subject to its continuing authority to supervise and direct the manner of rendition of his service) who performs any work defined as that of an employee or subordinate official in the orders of the Surface Transportation Board now in effect, and as the same may be amended or interpreted by orders hereafter entered by the Board pursuant to the authority which is conferred upon it to enter orders amending or interpreting such existing orders:
            Provided, however
        The term “employee” shall not include any individual while such individual is engaged in the physical operations consisting of the mining of coal, the preparation of coal, the handling (other than movement by rail with standard railroad locomotives) of coal not beyond the mine tipple, or the loading of coal at the tipple.
        Sixth. The term “representative” means any person or persons, labor union, organization, or corporation designated either by a carrier or group of carriers or by its or their employees, to act for it or them.
        Seventh. The term “district court” includes the United States District Court for the District of Columbia; and the term “court of appeals” includes the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
        This chapter may be cited as the “Railway Labor Act.”
§ 151a. General purposes
        The purposes of the chapter are: (1) To avoid any interruption to commerce or to the operation of any carrier engaged therein; (2) to forbid any limitation upon freedom of association among employees or any denial, as a condition of employment or otherwise, of the right of employees to join a labor organization; (3) to provide for the complete independence of carriers and of employees in the matter of self-organization to carry out the purposes of this chapter; (4) to provide for the prompt and orderly settlement of all disputes concerning rates of pay, rules, or working conditions; (5) to provide for the prompt and orderly settlement of all disputes growing out of grievances or out of the interpretation or application of agreements covering rates of pay, rules, or working conditions.
§ 152. General duties
        First. Duty of carriers and employees to settle disputes
        It shall be the duty of all carriers, their officers, agents, and employees to exert every reasonable effort to make and maintain agreements concerning rates of pay, rules, and working conditions, and to settle all disputes, whether arising out of the application of such agreements or otherwise, in order to avoid any interruption to commerce or to the operation of any carrier growing out of any dispute between the carrier and the employees thereof.
        Second. Consideration of disputes by representatives
        All disputes between a carrier or carriers and its or their employees shall be considered, and, if possible, decided, with all expedition, in conference between representatives designated and authorized so to confer, respectively, by the carrier or carriers and by the employees thereof interested in the dispute.
        Third. Designation of representatives
        Representatives, for the purposes of this chapter, shall be designated by the respective parties without interference, influence, or coercion by either party over the designation of representatives by the other; and neither party shall in any way interfere with, influence, or coerce the other in its choice of representatives. Representatives of employees for the purposes of this chapter need not be persons in the employ of the carrier, and no carrier shall, by interference, influence, or coercion seek in any manner to prevent the designation by its employees as their representatives of those who or which are not employees of the carrier.
        Fourth. Organization and collective bargaining; freedom from interference by carrier; assistance in organizing or maintaining organization by carrier forbidden; deduction of dues from wages forbidden
        Employees shall have the right to organize and bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing. The majority of any craft or class of employees shall have the right to determine who shall be the representative of the craft or class for the purposes of this chapter. No carrier, its officers, or agents shall deny or in any way question the right of its employees to join, organize, or assist in organizing the labor organization of their choice, and it shall be unlawful for any carrier to interfere in any way with the organization of its employees, or to use the funds of the carrier in maintaining or assisting or contributing to any labor organization, labor representative, or other agency of collective bargaining, or in performing any work therefor, or to influence or coerce employees in an effort to induce them to join or remain or not to join or remain members of any labor organization, or to deduct from the wages of employees any dues, fees, assessments, or other contributions payable to labor organizations, or to collect or to assist in the collection of any such dues, fees, assessments, or other contributions:
            Provided
        Fifth. Agreements to join or not to join labor organizations forbidden
        No carrier, its officers, or agents shall require any person seeking employment to sign any contract or agreement promising to join or not to join a labor organization; and if any such contract has been enforced prior to the effective date of this chapter, then such carrier shall notify the employees by an appropriate order that such contract has been discarded and is no longer binding on them in any way.
        Sixth. Conference of representatives; time; place; private agreements
        In case of a dispute between a carrier or carriers and its or their employees, arising out of grievances or out of the interpretation or application of agreements concerning rates of pay, rules, or working conditions, it shall be the duty of the designated representative or representatives of such carrier or carriers and of such employees, within ten days after the receipt of notice of a desire on the part of either party to confer in respect to such dispute, to specify a time and place at which such conference shall be held:
            Provided
            And provided further
        Seventh. Change in pay, rules, or working conditions contrary to agreement or to section 156 forbidden
        No carrier, its officers, or agents shall change the rates of pay, rules, or working conditions of its employees, as a class, as embodied in agreements except in the manner prescribed in such agreements or in
            section 156 of this title
        Eighth. Notices of manner of settlement of disputes; posting
        Every carrier shall notify its employees by printed notices in such form and posted at such times and places as shall be specified by the Mediation Board that all disputes between the carrier and its employees will be handled in accordance with the requirements of this chapter, and in such notices there shall be printed verbatim, in large type, the third, fourth, and fifth paragraphs of this section. The provisions of said paragraphs are made a part of the contract of employment between the carrier and each employee, and shall be held binding upon the parties, regardless of any other express or implied agreements between them.
        Ninth. Disputes as to identity of representatives; designation by Mediation Board; secret elections
        If any dispute shall arise among a carrier’s employees as to who are the representatives of such employees designated and authorized in accordance with the requirements of this chapter, it shall be the duty of the Mediation Board, upon request of either party to the dispute, to investigate such dispute and to certify to both parties, in writing, within thirty days after the receipt of the invocation of its services, the name or names of the individuals or organizations that have been designated and authorized to represent the employees involved in the dispute, and certify the same to the carrier. Upon receipt of such certification the carrier shall treat with the representative so certified as the representative of the craft or class for the purposes of this chapter. In such an investigation, the Mediation Board shall be authorized to take a secret ballot of the employees involved, or to utilize any other appropriate method of ascertaining the names of their duly designated and authorized representatives in such manner as shall insure the choice of representatives by the employees without interference, influence, or coercion exercised by the carrier. In the conduct of any election for the purposes herein indicated the Board shall designate who may participate in the election and establish the rules to govern the election, or may appoint a committee of three neutral persons who after hearing shall within ten days designate the employees who may participate in the election. In any such election for which there are 3 or more options (including the option of not being represented by any labor organization) on the ballot and no such option receives a majority of the valid votes cast, the Mediation Board shall arrange for a second election between the options receiving the largest and the second largest number of votes. The Board shall have access to and have power to make copies of the books and records of the carriers to obtain and utilize such information as may be deemed necessary by it to carry out the purposes and provisions of this paragraph.
        Tenth. Violations; prosecution and penalties
        The willful failure or refusal of any carrier, its officers or agents, to comply with the terms of the third, fourth, fifth, seventh, or eighth paragraph of this section shall be a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof the carrier, officer, or agent offending shall be subject to a fine of not less than $1,000, nor more than $20,000, or imprisonment for not more than six months, or both fine and imprisonment, for each offense, and each day during which such carrier, officer, or agent shall willfully fail or refuse to comply with the terms of the said paragraphs of this section shall constitute a separate offense. It shall be the duty of any United States attorney to whom any duly designated representative of a carrier’s employees may apply to institute in the proper court and to prosecute under the direction of the Attorney General of the United States, all necessary proceedings for the enforcement of the provisions of this section, and for the punishment of all violations thereof and the costs and expenses of such prosecution shall be paid out of the appropriation for the expenses of the courts of the United States:
            Provided
        Eleventh. Union security agreements; check-off
        Notwithstanding any other provisions of this chapter, or of any other statute or law of the United States, or Territory thereof, or of any State, any carrier or carriers as defined in this chapter and a labor organization or labor organizations duly designated and authorized to represent employees in accordance with the requirements of this chapter shall be permitted—
        (a) to make agreements, requiring, as a condition of continued employment, that within sixty days following the beginning of such employment, or the effective date of such agreements, whichever is the later, all employees shall become members of the labor organization representing their craft or class:
            Provided
        (b) to make agreements providing for the deduction by such carrier or carriers from the wages of its or their employees in a craft or class and payment to the labor organization representing the craft or class of such employees, of any periodic dues, initiation fees, and assessments (not including fines and penalties) uniformly required as a condition of acquiring or retaining membership:
            Provided
        (c) The requirement of membership in a labor organization in an agreement made pursuant to subparagraph (a) of this paragraph shall be satisfied, as to both a present or future employee in engine, train, yard, or hostling service, that is, an employee engaged in any of the services or capacities covered in the First division of paragraph (h) of
            section 153 of this title
            Provided, however
            Provided, further
        (d) Any provisions in paragraphs Fourth and Fifth of this section in conflict herewith are to the extent of such conflict amended.
        Twelfth. Showing of interest for representation elections
        The Mediation Board, upon receipt of an application requesting that an organization or individual be certified as the representative of any craft or class of employees, shall not direct an election or use any other method to determine who shall be the representative of such craft or class unless the Mediation Board determines that the application is supported by a showing of interest from not less than 50 percent of the employees in the craft or class.
§ 153. National Railroad Adjustment Board
        First. Establishment; composition; powers and duties; divisions; hearings and awards; judicial review
        There is established a Board, to be known as the “National Railroad Adjustment Board”, the members of which shall be selected within thirty days after
            June 21, 1934
        (a) That the said Adjustment Board shall consist of thirty-four members, seventeen of whom shall be selected by the carriers and seventeen by such labor organizations of the employees, national in scope, as have been or may be organized in accordance with the provisions of sections 151a and 152 of this title.
        (b) The carriers, acting each through its board of directors or its receiver or receivers, trustee or trustees, or through an officer or officers designated for that purpose by such board, trustee or trustees, or receiver or receivers, shall prescribe the rules under which its representatives shall be selected and shall select the representatives of the carriers on the Adjustment Board and designate the division on which each such representative shall serve, but no carrier or system of carriers shall have more than one voting representative on any division of the Board.
        (c) Except as provided in the second paragraph of subsection (h) of this section, the national labor organizations, as defined in paragraph (a) of this section, acting each through the chief executive or other medium designated by the organization or association thereof, shall prescribe the rules under which the labor members of the Adjustment Board shall be selected and shall select such members and designate the division on which each member shall serve; but no labor organization shall have more than one voting representative on any division of the Board.
        (d) In case of a permanent or temporary vacancy on the Adjustment Board, the vacancy shall be filled by selection in the same manner as in the original selection.
        (e) If either the carriers or the labor organizations of the employees fail to select and designate representatives to the Adjustment Board, as provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, respectively, within sixty days after
            June 21, 1934
        (f) In the event a dispute arises as to the right of any national labor organization to participate as per paragraph (c) of this section in the selection and designation of the labor members of the Adjustment Board, the Secretary of Labor shall investigate the claim of such labor organization to participate, and if such claim in the judgment of the Secretary of Labor has merit, the Secretary shall notify the Mediation Board accordingly, and within ten days after receipt of such advice the Mediation Board shall request those national labor organizations duly qualified as per paragraph (c) of this section to participate in the selection and designation of the labor members of the Adjustment Board to select a representative. Such representative, together with a representative likewise designated by the claimant, and a third or neutral party designated by the Mediation Board, constituting a board of three, shall within thirty days after the appointment of the neutral member, investigate the claims of the labor organization desiring participation and decide whether or not it was organized in accordance with sections 151a and 152 of this title and is otherwise properly qualified to participate in the selection of the labor members of the Adjustment Board, and the findings of such boards of three shall be final and binding.
        (g) Each member of the Adjustment Board shall be compensated by the party or parties he is to represent. Each third or neutral party selected under the provisions of paragraph (f) of this section shall receive from the Mediation Board such compensation as the Mediation Board may fix, together with his necessary traveling expenses and expenses actually incurred for subsistence, or per diem allowance in lieu thereof, subject to the provisions of law applicable thereto, while serving as such third or neutral party.
        (h) The said Adjustment Board shall be composed of four divisions, whose proceedings shall be independent of one another, and the said divisions as well as the number of their members shall be as follows:
        First division: To have jurisdiction over disputes involving train- and yard-service employees of carriers; that is, engineers, firemen, hostlers, and outside hostler helpers, conductors, trainmen, and yard-service employees. This division shall consist of eight members, four of whom shall be selected and designated by the carriers and four of whom shall be selected and designated by the labor organizations, national in scope and organized in accordance with sections 151a and 152 of this title and which represent employees in engine, train, yard, or hostling service:
            Provided, however
            Provided further, however
        Second division: To have jurisdiction over disputes involving machinists, boilermakers, blacksmiths, sheet-metal workers, electrical workers, carmen, the helpers and apprentices of all the foregoing, coach cleaners, power-house employees, and railroad-shop laborers. This division shall consist of ten members, five of whom shall be selected by the carriers and five by the national labor organizations of the employees.
        Third division: To have jurisdiction over disputes involving station, tower, and telegraph employees, train dispatchers, maintenance-of-way men, clerical employees, freight handlers, express, station, and store employees, signal men, sleeping-car conductors, sleeping-car porters, and maids and dining-car employees. This division shall consist of ten members, five of whom shall be selected by the carriers and five by the national labor organizations of employees.
        Fourth division: To have jurisdiction over disputes involving employees of carriers directly or indirectly engaged in transportation of passengers or property by water, and all other employees of carriers over which jurisdiction is not given to the first, second, and third divisions. This division shall consist of six members, three of whom shall be selected by the carriers and three by the national labor organizations of the employees.
        (i) The disputes between an employee or group of employees and a carrier or carriers growing out of grievances or out of the interpretation or application of agreements concerning rates of pay, rules, or working conditions, including cases pending and unadjusted on
            June 21, 1934
        (j) Parties may be heard either in person, by counsel, or by other representatives, as they may respectively elect, and the several divisions of the Adjustment Board shall give due notice of all hearings to the employee or employees and the carrier or carriers involved in any disputes submitted to them.
        (k) Any division of the Adjustment Board shall have authority to empower two or more of its members to conduct hearings and make findings upon disputes, when properly submitted, at any place designated by the division:
            Provided, however
        (
            l
        (m) The awards of the several divisions of the Adjustment Board shall be stated in writing. A copy of the awards shall be furnished to the respective parties to the controversy, and the awards shall be final and binding upon both parties to the dispute. In case a dispute arises involving an interpretation of the award, the division of the board upon request of either party shall interpret the award in the light of the dispute.
        (n) A majority vote of all members of the division of the Adjustment Board eligible to vote shall be competent to make an award with respect to any dispute submitted to it.
        (
            o
        (p) If a carrier does not comply with an order of a division of the Adjustment Board within the time limit in such order, the petitioner, or any person for whose benefit such order was made, may file in the District Court of the United States for the district in which he resides or in which is located the principal operating office of the carrier, or through which the carrier operates, a petition setting forth briefly the causes for which he claims relief, and the order of the division of the Adjustment Board in the premises. Such suit in the District Court of the United States shall proceed in all respects as other civil suits, except that on the trial of such suit the findings and order of the division of the Adjustment Board shall be conclusive on the parties, and except that the petitioner shall not be liable for costs in the district court nor for costs at any subsequent stage of the proceedings, unless they accrue upon his appeal, and such costs shall be paid out of the appropriation for the expenses of the courts of the United States. If the petitioner shall finally prevail he shall be allowed a reasonable attorney’s fee, to be taxed and collected as a part of the costs of the suit. The district courts are empowered, under the rules of the court governing actions at law, to make such order and enter such judgment, by writ of mandamus or otherwise, as may be appropriate to enforce or set aside the order of the division of the Adjustment Board:
            Provided, however
        (q) If any employee or group of employees, or any carrier, is aggrieved by the failure of any division of the Adjustment Board to make an award in a dispute referred to it, or is aggrieved by any of the terms of an award or by the failure of the division to include certain terms in such award, then such employee or group of employees or carrier may file in any United States district court in which a petition under paragraph (p) could be filed, a petition for review of the division’s order. A copy of the petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the Adjustment Board. The Adjustment Board shall file in the court the record of the proceedings on which it based its action. The court shall have jurisdiction to affirm the order of the division, or to set it aside, in whole or in part, or it may remand the proceedings to the division for such further action as it may direct. On such review, the findings and order of the division shall be conclusive on the parties, except that the order of the division may be set aside, in whole or in part, or remanded to the division, for failure of the division to comply with the requirements of this chapter, for failure of the order to conform, or confine itself, to matters within the scope of the division’s jurisdiction, or for fraud or corruption by a member of the division making the order. The judgment of the court shall be subject to review as provided in sections 1291 and 1254 of title 28.
        (r) All actions at law based upon the provisions of this section shall be begun within two years from the time the cause of action accrues under the award of the division of the Adjustment Board, and not after.
        (s) The several divisions of the Adjustment Board shall maintain headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, meet regularly, and continue in session so long as there is pending before the division any matter within its jurisdiction which has been submitted for its consideration and which has not been disposed of.
        (t) Whenever practicable, the several divisions or subdivisions of the Adjustment Board shall be supplied with suitable quarters in any Federal building located at its place of meeting.
        (u) The Adjustment Board may, subject to the approval of the Mediation Board, employ and fix the compensations of such assistants as it deems necessary in carrying on its proceedings. The compensation of such employees shall be paid by the Mediation Board.
        (v) The Adjustment Board shall meet within forty days after
            June 21, 1934
            Provided, however
        (w) Each division of the Adjustment Board shall annually prepare and submit a report of its activities to the Mediation Board, and the substance of such report shall be included in the annual report of the Mediation Board to the Congress of the United States. The reports of each division of the Adjustment Board and the annual report of the Mediation Board shall state in detail all cases heard, all actions taken, the names, salaries, and duties of all agencies, employees, and officers receiving compensation from the United States under the authority of this chapter, and an account of all moneys appropriated by Congress pursuant to the authority conferred by this chapter and disbursed by such agencies, employees, and officers.
        (x) Any division of the Adjustment Board shall have authority, in its discretion, to establish regional adjustment boards to act in its place and stead for such limited period as such division may determine to be necessary. Carrier members of such regional boards shall be designated in keeping with rules devised for this purpose by the carrier members of the Adjustment Board and the labor members shall be designated in keeping with rules devised for this purpose by the labor members of the Adjustment Board. Any such regional board shall, during the time for which it is appointed, have the same authority to conduct hearings, make findings upon disputes and adopt the same procedure as the division of the Adjustment Board appointing it, and its decisions shall be enforceable to the same extent and under the same processes. A neutral person, as referee, shall be appointed for service in connection with any such regional adjustment board in the same circumstances and manner as provided in paragraph (
            l
        Second. System, group, or regional boards: establishment by voluntary agreement; special adjustment boards: establishment, composition, designation of representatives by Mediation Board, neutral member, compensation, quorum, finality and enforcement of awards
        Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent any individual carrier, system, or group of carriers and any class or classes of its or their employees, all acting through their representatives, selected in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, from mutually agreeing to the establishment of system, group, or regional boards of adjustment for the purpose of adjusting and deciding disputes of the character specified in this section. In the event that either party to such a system, group, or regional board of adjustment is dissatisfied with such arrangement, it may upon ninety days’ notice to the other party elect to come under the jurisdiction of the Adjustment Board.
        If written request is made upon any individual carrier by the representative of any craft or class of employees of such carrier for the establishment of a special board of adjustment to resolve disputes otherwise referable to the Adjustment Board, or any dispute which has been pending before the Adjustment Board for twelve months from the date the dispute (claim) is received by the Board, or if any carrier makes such a request upon any such representative, the carrier or the representative upon whom such request is made shall join in an agreement establishing such a board within thirty days from the date such request is made. The cases which may be considered by such board shall be defined in the agreement establishing it. Such board shall consist of one person designated by the carrier and one person designated by the representative of the employees. If such carrier or such representative fails to agree upon the establishment of such a board as provided herein, or to exercise its rights to designate a member of the board, the carrier or representative making the request for the establishment of the special board may request the Mediation Board to designate a member of the special board on behalf of the carrier or representative upon whom such request was made. Upon receipt of a request for such designation the Mediation Board shall promptly make such designation and shall select an individual associated in interest with the carrier or representative he is to represent, who, with the member appointed by the carrier or representative requesting the establishment of the special board, shall constitute the board. Each member of the board shall be compensated by the party he is to represent. The members of the board so designated shall determine all matters not previously agreed upon by the carrier and the representative of the employees with respect to the establishment and jurisdiction of the board. If they are unable to agree such matters shall be determined by a neutral member of the board selected or appointed and compensated in the same manner as is hereinafter provided with respect to situations where the members of the board are unable to agree upon an award. Such neutral member shall cease to be a member of the board when he has determined such matters. If with respect to any dispute or group of disputes the members of the board designated by the carrier and the representative are unable to agree upon an award disposing of the dispute or group of disputes they shall by mutual agreement select a neutral person to be a member of the board for the consideration and disposition of such dispute or group of disputes. In the event the members of the board designated by the parties are unable, within ten days after their failure to agree upon an award, to agree upon the selection of such neutral person, either member of the board may request the Mediation Board to appoint such neutral person and upon receipt of such request the Mediation Board shall promptly make such appointment. The neutral person so selected or appointed shall be compensated and reimbursed for expenses by the Mediation Board. Any two members of the board shall be competent to render an award. Such awards shall be final and binding upon both parties to the dispute and if in favor of the petitioner, shall direct the other party to comply therewith on or before the day named. Compliance with such awards shall be enforcible by proceedings in the United States district courts in the same manner and subject to the same provisions that apply to proceedings for enforcement of compliance with awards of the Adjustment Board.
§ 154. National Mediation Board
        First. Board of Mediation abolished; National Mediation Board established; composition; term of office; qualifications; salaries; removal
        The Board of Mediation is abolished, effective thirty days from
            June 21, 1934
            June 21, 1934
            January 1, 1965
        All cases referred to the Board of Mediation and unsettled on
            June 21, 1934
        A member of the Board may be removed by the President for inefficiency, neglect of duty, malfeasance in office, or ineligibility, but for no other cause.
        Second. Chairman; principal office; delegation of powers; oaths; seal; report
        The Mediation Board shall annually designate a member to act as chairman. The Board shall maintain its principal office in the District of Columbia, but it may meet at any other place whenever it deems it necessary so to do. The Board may designate one or more of its members to exercise the functions of the Board in mediation proceedings. Each member of the Board shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations. The Board shall have a seal which shall be judicially noticed. The Board shall make an annual report to Congress.
        Third. Appointment of experts and other employees; salaries of employees; expenditures
        The Mediation Board may (1) subject to the provisions of the civil service laws, appoint such experts and assistants to act in a confidential capacity and such other officers and employees as are essential to the effective transaction of the work of the Board; (2) in accordance with chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, fix the salaries of such experts, assistants, officers, and employees; and (3) make such expenditures (including expenditures for rent and personal services at the seat of government and elsewhere, for law books, periodicals, and books of reference, and for printing and binding, and including expenditures for salaries and compensation, necessary traveling expenses and expenses actually incurred for subsistence, and other necessary expenses of the Mediation Board, Adjustment Board, Regional Adjustment Boards established under paragraph (w) of
            section 153 of this title
        Fourth. Delegation of powers and duties
        The Mediation Board is authorized by its order to assign, or refer, any portion of its work, business, or functions arising under this chapter or any other Act of Congress, or referred to it by Congress or either branch thereof, to an individual member of the Board or to an employee or employees of the Board to be designated by such order for action thereon, and by its order at any time to amend, modify, supplement, or rescind any such assignment or reference. All such orders shall take effect forthwith and remain in effect until otherwise ordered by the Board. In conformity with and subject to the order or orders of the Mediation Board in the premises, [and] such individual member of the Board or employee designated shall have power and authority to act as to any of said work, business, or functions so assigned or referred to him for action by the Board.
        Fifth. Transfer of officers and employees of Board of Mediation; transfer of appropriation
        All officers and employees of the Board of Mediation (except the members thereof, whose offices are abolished) whose services in the judgment of the Mediation Board are necessary to the efficient operation of the Board are transferred to the Board, without change in classification or compensation; except that the Board may provide for the adjustment of such classification or compensation to conform to the duties to which such officers and employees may be assigned.
        All unexpended appropriations for the operation of the Board of Mediation that are available at the time of the abolition of the Board of Mediation shall be transferred to the Mediation Board and shall be available for its use for salaries and other authorized expenditures.
§ 155. Functions of Mediation Board
        First. Disputes within jurisdiction of Mediation Board
        The parties, or either party, to a dispute between an employee or group of employees and a carrier may invoke the services of the Mediation Board in any of the following cases:
        (a) A dispute concerning changes in rates of pay, rules, or working conditions not adjusted by the parties in conference.
        (b) Any other dispute not referable to the National Railroad Adjustment Board and not adjusted in conference between the parties or where conferences are refused.
        The Mediation Board may proffer its services in case any labor emergency is found by it to exist at any time.
        In either event the said Board shall promptly put itself in communication with the parties to such controversy, and shall use its best efforts, by mediation, to bring them to agreement. If such efforts to bring about an amicable settlement through mediation shall be unsuccessful, the said Board shall at once endeavor as its final required action (except as provided in paragraph third of this section and in
            section 160 of this title
        If arbitration at the request of the Board shall be refused by one or both parties, the Board shall at once notify both parties in writing that its mediatory efforts have failed and for thirty days thereafter, unless in the intervening period the parties agree to arbitration, or an emergency board shall be created under
            section 160 of this title
        Second. Interpretation of agreement
        In any case in which a controversy arises over the meaning or the application of any agreement reached through mediation under the provisions of this chapter, either party to the said agreement, or both, may apply to the Mediation Board for an interpretation of the meaning or application of such agreement. The said Board shall upon receipt of such request notify the parties to the controversy, and after a hearing of both sides give its interpretation within thirty days.
        Third. Duties of Board with respect to arbitration of disputes; arbitrators; acknowledgment of agreement; notice to arbitrators; reconvening of arbitrators; filing contracts with Board; custody of records and documents
        The Mediation Board shall have the following duties with respect to the arbitration of disputes under
            section 157 of this title
        (a) On failure of the arbitrators named by the parties to agree on the remaining arbitrator or arbitrators within the time set by
            section 157 of this title
        If an arbitrator named by the Mediation Board, in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, shall be removed by such Board as provided by this chapter, or if such an arbitrator refuses or is unable to serve, it shall be the duty of the Mediation Board, promptly, to select another arbitrator, in the same manner as provided in this chapter for an original appointment by the Mediation Board.
        (b) Any member of the Mediation Board is authorized to take the acknowledgement of an agreement to arbitrate under this chapter. When so acknowledged, or when acknowledged by the parties before a notary public or the clerk of a district court or a court of appeals of the United States, such agreement to arbitrate shall be delivered to a member of said Board or transmitted to said Board, to be filed in its office.
        (c) When an agreement to arbitrate has been filed with the Mediation Board, or with one of its members, as provided by this section, and when the said Board has been furnished the names of the arbitrators chosen by the parties to the controversy it shall be the duty of the Board to cause a notice in writing to be served upon said arbitrators, notifying them of their appointment, requesting them to meet promptly to name the remaining arbitrator or arbitrators necessary to complete the Board of Arbitration, and advising them of the period within which, as provided by the agreement to arbitrate, they are empowered to name such arbitrator or arbitrators.
        (d) Either party to an arbitration desiring the reconvening of a board of arbitration to pass upon any controversy arising over the meaning or application of an award may so notify the Mediation Board in writing, stating in such notice the question or questions to be submitted to such reconvened Board. The Mediation Board shall thereupon promptly communicate with the members of the Board of Arbitration, or a subcommittee of such Board appointed for such purpose pursuant to a provision in the agreement to arbitrate, and arrange for the reconvening of said Board of Arbitration or subcommittee, and shall notify the respective parties to the controversy of the time and place at which the Board, or the subcommittee, will meet for hearings upon the matters in controversy to be submitted to it. No evidence other than that contained in the record filed with the original award shall be received or considered by such reconvened Board or subcommittee, except such evidence as may be necessary to illustrate the interpretations suggested by the parties. If any member of the original Board is unable or unwilling to serve on such reconvened Board or subcommittee thereof, another arbitrator shall be named in the same manner and with the same powers and duties as such original arbitrator.
        (e) Within sixty days after
            June 21, 1934
        (f) The Mediation Board shall be the custodian of all papers and documents heretofore filed with or transferred to the Board of Mediation bearing upon the settlement, adjustment, or determination of disputes between carriers and their employees or upon mediation or arbitration proceedings held under or pursuant to the provisions of any Act of Congress in respect thereto; and the President is authorized to designate a custodian of the records and property of the Board of Mediation until the transfer and delivery of such records to the Mediation Board and to require the transfer and delivery to the Mediation Board of any and all such papers and documents filed with it or in its possession.
§ 156. Procedure in changing rates of pay, rules, and working conditions
        Carriers and representatives of the employees shall give at least thirty days’ written notice of an intended change in agreements affecting rates of pay, rules, or working conditions, and the time and place for the beginning of conference between the representatives of the parties interested in such intended changes shall be agreed upon within ten days after the receipt of said notice, and said time shall be within the thirty days provided in the notice. In every case where such notice of intended change has been given, or conferences are being held with reference thereto, or the services of the Mediation Board have been requested by either party, or said Board has proffered its services, rates of pay, rules, or working conditions shall not be altered by the carrier until the controversy has been finally acted upon, as required by
            section 155 of this title
§ 157. Arbitration
        First. Submission of controversy to arbitration
        Whenever a controversy shall arise between a carrier or carriers and its or their employees which is not settled either in conference between representatives of the parties or by the appropriate adjustment board or through mediation, in the manner provided in sections 151—156 of this title such controversy may, by agreement of the parties to such controversy, be submitted to the arbitration of a board of three (or, if the parties to the controversy so stipulate, of six) persons:
            Provided, however
        Second. Manner of selecting board of arbitration
        Such board of arbitration shall be chosen in the following manner:
        (a) In the case of a board of three the carrier or carriers and the representatives of the employees, parties respectively to the agreement to arbitrate, shall each name one arbitrator; the two arbitrators thus chosen shall select a third arbitrator. If the arbitrators chosen by the parties shall fail to name the third arbitrator within five days after their first meeting, such third arbitrator shall be named by the Mediation Board.
        (b) In the case of a board of six the carrier or carriers and the representatives of the employees, parties respectively to the agreement to arbitrate, shall each name two arbitrators; the four arbitrators thus chosen shall, by a majority vote, select the remaining two arbitrators. If the arbitrators chosen by the parties shall fail to name the two arbitrators within fifteen days after their first meeting, the said two arbitrators, or as many of them as have not been named, shall be named by the Mediation Board.
        Third. Board of arbitration; organization; compensation; procedure
        (a) Notice of selection or failure to select arbitrators
        When the arbitrators selected by the respective parties have agreed upon the remaining arbitrator or arbitrators, they shall notify the Mediation Board; and, in the event of their failure to agree upon any or upon all of the necessary arbitrators within the period fixed by this chapter, they shall, at the expiration of such period, notify the Mediation Board of the arbitrators selected, if any, or of their failure to make or to complete such selection.
        (b) Organization of board; procedure
        The board of arbitration shall organize and select its own chairman and make all necessary rules for conducting its hearings:
            Provided, however
        (c) Duty to reconvene; questions considered
        Upon notice from the Mediation Board that the parties, or either party, to an arbitration desire the reconvening of the board of arbitration (or a subcommittee of such board of arbitration appointed for such purpose pursuant to the agreement to arbitrate) to pass upon any controversy over the meaning or application of their award, the board, or its subcommittee, shall at once reconvene. No question other than, or in addition to, the questions relating to the meaning or application of the award, submitted by the party or parties in writing, shall be considered by the reconvened board of arbitration or its subcommittee.
        Such rulings shall be acknowledged by such board or subcommittee thereof in the same manner, and filed in the same district court clerk’s office, as the original award and become a part thereof.
        (d) Competency of arbitrators
        No arbitrator, except those chosen by the Mediation Board, shall be incompetent to act as an arbitrator because of his interest in the controversy to be arbitrated, or because of his connection with or partiality to either of the parties to the arbitration.
        (e) Compensation and expenses
        Each member of any board of arbitration created under the provisions of this chapter named by either party to the arbitration shall be compensated by the party naming him. Each arbitrator selected by the arbitrators or named by the Mediation Board shall receive from the Mediation Board such compensation as the Mediation Board may fix, together with his necessary traveling expenses and expenses actually incurred for subsistence, while serving as an arbitrator.
        (f) Award; disposition of original and copies
        The board of arbitration shall furnish a certified copy of its award to the respective parties to the controversy, and shall transmit the original, together with the papers and proceedings and a transcript of the evidence taken at the hearings, certified under the hands of at least a majority of the arbitrators, to the clerk of the district court of the United States for the district wherein the controversy arose or the arbitration is entered into, to be filed in said clerk’s office as hereinafter provided. The said board shall also furnish a certified copy of its award, and the papers and proceedings, including testimony relating thereto, to the Mediation Board to be filed in its office; and in addition a certified copy of its award shall be filed in the office of the Interstate Commerce Commission:
            Provided, however
        (g) Compensation of assistants to board of arbitration; expenses; quarters
        A board of arbitration may, subject to the approval of the Mediation Board, employ and fix the compensation of such assistants as it deems necessary in carrying on the arbitration proceedings. The compensation of such employees, together with their necessary traveling expenses and expenses actually incurred for subsistence, while so employed, and the necessary expenses of boards of arbitration, shall be paid by the Mediation Board.
        Whenever practicable, the board shall be supplied with suitable quarters in any Federal building located at its place of meeting or at any place where the board may conduct its proceedings or deliberations.
        (h) Testimony before board; oaths; attendance of witnesses; production of documents; subpoenas; fees
        All testimony before said board shall be given under oath or affirmation, and any member of the board shall have the power to administer oaths or affirmations. The board of arbitration, or any member thereof, shall have the power to require the attendance of witnesses and the production of such books, papers, contracts, agreements, and documents as may be deemed by the board of arbitration material to a just determination of the matters submitted to its arbitration, and may for that purpose request the clerk of the district court of the United States for the district wherein said arbitration is being conducted to issue the necessary subpoenas, and upon such request the said clerk or his duly authorized deputy shall be, and he is, authorized, and it shall be his duty, to issue such subpoenas.
        Any witness appearing before a board of arbitration shall receive the same fees and mileage as witnesses in courts of the United States, to be paid by the party securing the subpoena.
§ 158. Agreement to arbitrate; form and contents; signatures and acknowledgment; revocation
    (a) 
        (a)
        Shall be in writing;
    (b) 
        (b)
        Shall stipulate that the arbitration is had under the provisions of this chapter;
    (c) 
        (c)
        Shall state whether the board of arbitration is to consist of three or of six members;
    (d) 
        (d)
        Shall be signed by the duly accredited representatives of the carrier or carriers and the employees, parties respectively to the agreement to arbitrate, and shall be acknowledged by said parties before a notary public, the clerk of a district court or court of appeals of the United States, or before a member of the Mediation Board, and, when so acknowledged, shall be filed in the office of the Mediation Board;
    (e) 
        (e)
        Shall state specifically the questions to be submitted to the said board for decision; and that, in its award or awards, the said board shall confine itself strictly to decisions as to the questions so specifically submitted to it;
    (f) 
        (f)
        Shall provide that the questions, or any one or more of them, submitted by the parties to the board of arbitration may be withdrawn from arbitration on notice to that effect signed by the duly accredited representatives of all the parties and served on the board of arbitration;
    (g) 
        (g)
        Shall stipulate that the signatures of a majority of said board of arbitration affixed to their award shall be competent to constitute a valid and binding award;
    (h) 
        (h)
        Shall fix a period from the date of the appointment of the arbitrator or arbitrators necessary to complete the board (as provided for in the agreement) within which the said board shall commence its hearings;
    (i) 
        (i)
        Shall fix a period from the beginning of the hearings within which the said board shall make and file its award:
            Provided
    (j) 
        (j)
        Shall provide for the date from which the award shall become effective and shall fix the period during which the award shall continue in force;
    (k) 
        (k)
        Shall provide that the award of the board of arbitration and the evidence of the proceedings before the board relating thereto, when certified under the hands of at least a majority of the arbitrators, shall be filed in the clerk’s office of the district court of the United States for the district wherein the controversy arose or the arbitration was entered into, which district shall be designated in the agreement; and, when so filed, such award and proceedings shall constitute the full and complete record of the arbitration;
    (l) 
        (l)
        Shall provide that the award, when so filed, shall be final and conclusive upon the parties as to the facts determined by said award and as to the merits of the controversy decided;
    (m) 
        (m)
        Shall provide that any difference arising as to the meaning, or the application of the provisions, of an award made by a board of arbitration shall be referred back for a ruling to the same board, or, by agreement, to a subcommittee of such board; and that such ruling, when acknowledged in the same manner, and filed in the same district court clerk’s office, as the original award, shall be a part of and shall have the same force and effect as such original award; and
    (n) 
        (n)
        Shall provide that the respective parties to the award will each faithfully execute the same.
            The said agreement to arbitrate, when properly signed and acknowledged as herein provided, shall not be revoked by a party to such agreement:
                Provided, however
§ 159. Award and judgment thereon; effect of chapter on individual employee
        First. Filing of award
        The award of a board of arbitration, having been acknowledged as herein provided, shall be filed in the clerk’s office of the district court designated in the agreement to arbitrate.
        Second. Conclusiveness of award; judgment
        An award acknowledged and filed as herein provided shall be conclusive on the parties as to the merits and facts of the controversy submitted to arbitration, and unless, within ten days after the filing of the award, a petition to impeach the award, on the grounds hereinafter set forth, shall be filed in the clerk’s office of the court in which the award has been filed, the court shall enter judgment on the award, which judgment shall be final and conclusive on the parties.
        Third. Impeachment of award; grounds
        Such petition for the impeachment or contesting of any award so filed shall be entertained by the court only on one or more of the following grounds:
        (a) That the award plainly does not conform to the substantive requirements laid down by this chapter for such awards, or that the proceedings were not substantially in conformity with this chapter;
        (b) That the award does not conform, nor confine itself, to the stipulations of the agreement to arbitrate; or
        (c) That a member of the board of arbitration rendering the award was guilty of fraud or corruption; or that a party to the arbitration practiced fraud or corruption which fraud or corruption affected the result of the arbitration:
            Provided, however
            Provided further
        Fourth. Effect of partial invalidity of award
        If the court shall determine that a part of the award is invalid on some ground or grounds designated in this section as a ground of invalidity, but shall determine that a part of the award is valid, the court shall set aside the entire award:
            Provided, however
        Fifth. Appeal; record
        At the expiration of 10 days from the decision of the district court upon the petition filed as aforesaid, final judgment shall be entered in accordance with said decision, unless during said 10 days either party shall appeal therefrom to the court of appeals. In such case only such portion of the record shall be transmitted to the appellate court as is necessary to the proper understanding and consideration of the questions of law presented by said petition and to be decided.
        Sixth. Finality of decision of court of appeals
        The determination of said court of appeals upon said questions shall be final, and, being certified by the clerk thereof to said district court, judgment pursuant thereto shall thereupon be entered by said district court.
        Seventh. Judgment where petitioner’s contentions are sustained
        If the petitioner’s contentions are finally sustained, judgment shall be entered setting aside the award in whole or, if the parties so agree, in part; but in such case the parties may agree upon a judgment to be entered disposing of the subject matter of the controversy, which judgment when entered shall have the same force and effect as judgment entered upon an award.
        Eighth. Duty of employee to render service without consent; right to quit
        Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to require an individual employee to render labor or service without his consent, nor shall anything in this chapter be construed to make the quitting of his labor or service by an individual employee an illegal act; nor shall any court issue any process to compel the performance by an individual employee of such labor or service, without his consent.
§ 159a. Special procedure for commuter service
    (a) Applicability of provisions
        (a)
        Applicability of provisions
        1 
            1 
            Except as provided in section 590(h)
                1
                1 
                    1
    (b) Request for establishment of emergency board
        (b)
        Request for establishment of emergency board
            If a dispute between the parties described in subsection (a) is not adjusted under the foregoing provisions of this chapter and the President does not, under
                section 160 of this title
    (c) Establishment of emergency board
        (c)
        Establishment of emergency board
        (1) 
            (1)
            Upon the request of a party or a Governor under subsection (b), the President shall create an emergency board to investigate and report on the dispute in accordance with
                section 160 of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            If the President, in his discretion, creates a board to investigate and report on a dispute between the parties described in subsection (a), the provisions of this section shall apply to the same extent as if such board had been created pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection.
    (d) Public hearing by National Mediation Board upon failure of emergency board to effectuate settlement of dispute
        (d)
        Public hearing by National Mediation Board upon failure of emergency board to effectuate settlement of dispute
            Within 60 days after the creation of an emergency board under this section, if there has been no settlement between the parties, the National Mediation Board shall conduct a public hearing on the dispute at which each party shall appear and provide testimony setting forth the reasons it has not accepted the recommendations of the emergency board for settlement of the dispute.
    (e) Establishment of second emergency board
        (e)
        Establishment of second emergency board
            If no settlement in the dispute is reached at the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date of the creation of the emergency board, any party to the dispute or the Governor of any State through which the service that is the subject of the dispute is operated may request the President to establish another emergency board, in which case the President shall establish such emergency board.
    (f) Submission of final offers to second emergency board by parties
        (f)
        Submission of final offers to second emergency board by parties
            Within 30 days after creation of a board under subsection (e), the parties to the dispute shall submit to the board final offers for settlement of the dispute.
    (g) Report of second emergency board
        (g)
        Report of second emergency board
            Within 30 days after the submission of final offers under subsection (f), the emergency board shall submit a report to the President setting forth its selection of the most reasonable offer.
    (h) Maintenance of status quo during dispute period
        (h)
        Maintenance of status quo during dispute period
            From the time a request to establish a board is made under subsection (e) until 60 days after such board makes its report under subsection (g), no change, except by agreement, shall be made by the parties in the conditions out of which the dispute arose.
    (i) Work stoppages by employees subsequent to carrier offer selected; eligibility of employees for benefits
        (i)
        Work stoppages by employees subsequent to carrier offer selected; eligibility of employees for benefits
            If the emergency board selects the final offer submitted by the carrier and, after the expiration of the 60-day period described in subsection (h), the employees of such carrier engage in any work stoppage arising out of the dispute, such employees shall not be eligible during the period of such work stoppage for benefits under the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
    (j) Work stoppages by employees subsequent to employees offer selected; eligibility of employer for benefits
        (j)
        Work stoppages by employees subsequent to employees offer selected; eligibility of employer for benefits
            If the emergency board selects the final offer submitted by the employees and, after the expiration of the 60-day period described in subsection (h), the carrier refuses to accept the final offer submitted by the employees and the employees of such carrier engage in any work stoppage arising out of the dispute, the carrier shall not participate in any benefits of any agreement between carriers which is designed to provide benefits to such carriers during a work stoppage.
§ 160. Emergency board
        If a dispute between a carrier and its employees be not adjusted under the foregoing provisions of this chapter and should, in the judgment of the Mediation Board, threaten substantially to interrupt interstate commerce to a degree such as to deprive any section of the country of essential transportation service, the Mediation Board shall notify the President, who may thereupon, in his discretion, create a board to investigate and report respecting such dispute. Such board shall be composed of such number of persons as to the President may seem desirable:
            Provided, however
        There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for the expenses of such board, including the compensation and the necessary traveling expenses and expenses actually incurred for subsistence, of the members of the board. All expenditures of the board shall be allowed and paid on the presentation of itemized vouchers therefor approved by the chairman.
        After the creation of such board and for thirty days after such board has made its report to the President, no change, except by agreement, shall be made by the parties to the controversy in the conditions out of which the dispute arose.
§ 160a. Rules and regulations
    (a) In general
        (a)
        In general
            The Mediation Board shall have the authority from time to time to make, amend, and rescind, in the manner prescribed by
                section 553 of title 5
    (b) Application
        (b)
        Application
            The requirements of subsection (a) shall not apply to any rule or proposed rule to which the third sentence of
                section 553(b) of title 5
§ 161. Effect of partial invalidity of chapter
        If any provision of this chapter, or the application thereof to any person or circumstance, is held invalid, the remainder of the chapter, and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.
§ 162. Authorization of appropriations
        There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for expenditure by the Mediation Board in carrying out the provisions of this chapter.
§ 163. Repeal of prior legislation; exception
        Chapters 6 and 7 of this title, providing for mediation, conciliation, and arbitration, and all Acts and parts of Acts in conflict with the provisions of this chapter are repealed, except that the members, secretary, officers, employees, and agents of the Railroad Labor Board, in office on
            May 20, 1926
§ 164. Repealed.
§ 165. Evaluation and audit of Mediation Board
    (a) Evaluation and audit of Mediation Board
        (a)
        Evaluation and audit of Mediation Board
        (1) In general
            (1)
            In general
                In order to promote economy, efficiency, and effectiveness in the administration of the programs, operations, and activities of the Mediation Board, the Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate and audit the programs and expenditures of the Mediation Board. Such an evaluation and audit shall be conducted not less frequently than every 2 years, but may be conducted as determined necessary by the Comptroller General or the appropriate congressional committees.
        (2) Responsibility of Comptroller General
            (2)
            Responsibility of Comptroller General
            In carrying out the evaluation and audit required under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall evaluate and audit the programs, operations, and activities of the Mediation Board, including, at a minimum—
            (A) 
                (A)
                information management and security, including privacy protection of personally identifiable information;
            (B) 
                (B)
                resource management;
            (C) 
                (C)
                workforce development;
            (D) 
                (D)
                procurement and contracting planning, practices, and policies;
            (E) 
                (E)
                the extent to which the Mediation Board follows leading practices in selected management areas; and
            (F) 
                (F)
                the processes the Mediation Board follows to address challenges in—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    initial investigations of applications requesting that an organization or individual be certified as the representative of any craft or class of employees;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    determining and certifying representatives of employees; and
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    ensuring that the process occurs without interference, influence, or coercion.
    (b) Immediate review of certification procedures
        (b)
        Immediate review of certification procedures
        Not later than 180 days after
            February 14, 2012
        (1) 
            (1)
            an evaluation of the existing processes and changes to such processes that have occurred since the establishment of the Mediation Board and whether those changes are consistent with congressional intent; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            a description of the extent to which such processes are consistent with similar processes applied to other Federal or State agencies with jurisdiction over labor relations, and an evaluation of any justifications for any discrepancies between the processes of the Mediation Board and such similar Federal or State processes.
    (c) Appropriate congressional committee defined
        (c)
        Appropriate congressional committee defined
            In this section, the term “appropriate congressional committees” means the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.
§ 181. Application of subchapter I to carriers by air
        All of the provisions of subchapter I of this chapter except
            section 153 of this title
§ 182. Duties, penalties, benefits, and privileges of subchapter I applicable
        The duties, requirements, penalties, benefits, and privileges prescribed and established by the provisions of subchapter I of this chapter except
            section 153 of this title
            section 151 of this title
§ 183. Disputes within jurisdiction of Mediation Board
    (a) 
        (a)
        A dispute concerning changes in rates of pay, rules, or working conditions not adjusted by the parties in conference.
    (b) 
        (b)
        Any other dispute not referable to an adjustment board, as hereinafter provided, and not adjusted in conference between the parties, or where conferences are refused.
            The National Mediation Board may proffer its services in case any labor emergency is found by it to exist at any time.
            The services of the Mediation Board may be invoked in a case under this subchapter in the same manner and to the same extent as are the disputes covered by
                section 155 of this title
§ 184. System, group, or regional boards of adjustment
        The disputes between an employee or group of employees and a carrier or carriers by air growing out of grievances, or out of the interpretation or application of agreements concerning rates of pay, rules, or working conditions, including cases pending and unadjusted on
            April 10, 1936
        It shall be the duty of every carrier and of its employees, acting through their representatives, selected in accordance with the provisions of this subchapter, to establish a board of adjustment of jurisdiction not exceeding the jurisdiction which may be lawfully exercised by system, group, or regional boards of adjustment, under the authority of
            section 153 of this title
        Such boards of adjustment may be established by agreement between employees and carriers either on any individual carrier, or system, or group of carriers by air and any class or classes of its or their employees; or pending the establishment of a permanent National Board of Adjustment as hereinafter provided. Nothing in this chapter shall prevent said carriers by air, or any class or classes of their employees, both acting through their representatives selected in accordance with provisions of this subchapter, from mutually agreeing to the establishment of a National Board of Adjustment of temporary duration and of similarly limited jurisdiction.
§ 185. National Air Transport Adjustment Board
        When, in the judgment of the National Mediation Board, it shall be necessary to have a permanent national board of adjustment in order to provide for the prompt and orderly settlement of disputes between said carriers by air, or any of them, and its or their employees, growing out of grievances or out of the interpretation or application of agreements between said carriers by air or any of them, and any class or classes of its or their employees, covering rates of pay, rules, or working conditions, the National Mediation Board is empowered and directed, by its order duly made, published, and served, to direct the said carriers by air and such labor organizations of their employees, national in scope, as have been or may be recognized in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, to select and designate four representatives who shall constitute a board which shall be known as the “National Air Transport Adjustment Board.” Two members of said National Air Transport Adjustment Board shall be selected by said carriers by air and two members by the said labor organizations of the employees, within thirty days after the date of the order of the National Mediation Board, in the manner and by the procedure prescribed by
            section 153 of this title
            section 153 of this title
            section 153 of this title
            section 153 of this title
§ 186. Omitted
§ 187. Separability
        If any provision of this subchapter or application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the remainder of such sections and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby.
§ 188. Authorization of appropriations
        There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for expenditure by the Mediation Board in carrying out the provisions of this chapter.
§§ 201 to 208. Omitted
§ 209. Repealed.
§§ 210 to 214. Omitted
§§ 215 to 228. Omitted
§§ 228a to 228c–1. Omitted
§ 228d. Repealed.
§§ 228e to 228z–1. Omitted
§ 231. Definitions
    (a) 
        (a)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The term “employer” shall include—
            (i) 
                (i)
                any carrier by railroad subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board under part A of subtitle IV of title 49;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                any company which is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, or under common control with, one or more employers as defined in paragraph (i) of this subdivision, and which operates any equipment or facility or performs any service (except trucking service, casual service, and the casual operation of equipment or facilities) in connection with the transportation of passengers or property by railroad, or the receipt, delivery, elevation, transfer in transit, refrigeration or icing, storage, or handling of property transported by railroad;
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                any receiver, trustee, or other individual or body, judicial or otherwise, when in the possession of the property or operating all or any part of the business of any employer as defined in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this subdivision;
            (iv) 
                (iv)
                any railroad association, traffic association, tariff bureau, demurrage bureau, weighing and inspection bureau, collection agency and any other association, bureau, agency, or organization which is controlled and maintained wholly or principally by two or more employers as defined in paragraph (i), (ii), or (iii) of this subdivision and which is engaged in the performance of services in connection with or incidental to railroad transportation; and
            (v) 
                (v)
                any railway labor organization, national in scope, which has been or may be organized in accordance with the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, as amended [
                    45 U.S.C. 151
        (2) 
            (2)
            Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (1) of this subsection, the term “employer” shall not include—
            (i) 
                (i)
                any company by reason of its being engaged in the mining of coal, the supplying of coal to an employer where delivery is not beyond the mine tipple, and the operation of equipment or facilities therefor, or in any of such activities, and
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                any street, interurban, or suburban electric railway, unless such railway is operating as a part of a general diesel-railroad system of transportation, but shall not exclude any part of the general diesel-railroad system of transportation now or hereafter operated by any other motive power. The Surface Transportation Board is hereby authorized and directed upon request of the Railroad Retirement Board, or upon complaint of any party interested, to determine after hearing whether any line operated by electric power falls within the terms of this paragraph.
    (b) 
        (b)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The term “employee” means (i) any individual in the service of one or more employers for compensation, (ii) any individual who is in the employment relation to one or more employers, and (iii) an employee representative:
                Provided, however
                August 29, 1935
        (2) 
            (2)
            The term “employee” shall not include any individual while such individual is engaged in the physical operations consisting of the mining of coal, the preparation of coal, the handling (other than movement by rail with standard railroad locomotives) of coal not beyond the mine tipple, or the loading of coal at the tipple.
    (c) 
        (c)
        The term “employee representative” means any officer or official representative of a railway labor organization other than a labor organization included in the term “employer” as defined in subsection (a) who before or after
            August 29, 1935
            45 U.S.C. 151
    (d) 
        (d)
        (1) 
            (1)
            An individual is in the service of an employer whether his service is rendered within or without the United States if—
            (i) 
                (i)
                (A) 
                    (A)
                    he is subject to the continuing authority of the employer to supervise and direct the manner of rendition of his service, or (B) he is rendering professional or technical services and is integrated into the staff of the employer, or (C) he is rendering, on the property used in the employer’s operations, personal services the rendition of which is integrated into the employer’s operations; and
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                he renders such service for compensation, or a method of computing the monthly compensation for such service is provided in
                    section 231b(j) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (1) of this subsection—
            (i) 
                (i)
                an individual shall be deemed to be in the service of an employer, other than a local lodge or division or a general committee of a railway-labor-organization employer, not conducting the principal part of its business in the United States only when he is rendering service to it in the United States;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                an individual shall be deemed to be in the service of a local lodge or division of a railway-labor-organization employer not conducting the principal part of its business in the United States only if (A) all, or substantially all, the individuals constituting the membership of such local lodge or division are employees of an employer conducting the principal part of its business in the United States; or (B) the headquarters of such local lodge or division is located in the United States; and
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                an individual shall be deemed to be in the service of a general committee of a railway-labor-organization employer not conducting the principal part of its business in the United States only if (A) he is representing a local lodge or division described in clause (A) or (B) of paragraph (ii); or (B) all, or substantially all, the individuals represented by such general committee are employees of an employer conducting the principal part of its business in the United States; or (C) he acts in the capacity of a general chairman or an assistant general chairman of a general committee which represents individuals rendering service in the United States to an employer, but in such case if his office or headquarters is not located in the United States and the individuals represented by such general committee are employees of an employer not conducting the principal part of its business in the United States only such proportion of the remuneration for such service shall be regarded as compensation as the proportion which the mileage in the United States under the jurisdiction of such general committee bears to the total mileage under its jurisdiction, unless such mileage formula is inapplicable, in which case the Board may prescribe such other formula as it finds to be equitable, and if the application of such mileage formula, or such other formula as the Board may prescribe, would result in the compensation of the individual being less than 10 per centum of his remuneration for such service no part of such remuneration shall be regarded as compensation.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivisions (1) and (2) of this subsection, an individual not a citizen or resident of the United States shall not be deemed to be in the service of an employer when rendering service outside the United States to an employer who is required under the laws applicable in the place where the service is rendered to employ therein, in whole or in part, citizens or residents thereof. For purposes of this subdivision, the laws applicable on
                August 29, 1935
    (e) 
        (e)
        (1) 
            (1)
            An individual shall be deemed to have been in the employment relation to an employer on
                August 29, 1935
            (i) 
                (i)
                he was on that date on leave of absence from his employment, expressly granted to him by the employer by whom he was employed, or by a duly authorized representative of such employer, and the grant of such leave of absence will have been established to the satisfaction of the Board before July 1947;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                he was in the service of an employer after
                    August 29, 1935
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                before
                    August 29, 1935
                    August 29, 1935
                    August 29, 1935
                    August 29, 1935
            (iv) 
                (iv)
                1 
                he was on
                    August 29, 1935
                    1
                    1 
                        1
        (2) 
            (2)
            Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (1) of this subsection, an individual shall not be deemed to have been in the employment relation to an employer on
                August 29, 1935
                45 U.S.C. 228f
                August 29, 1935
                August 29, 1935
    (f) 
        (f)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The term “years of service” shall mean the number of years an individual as an employee shall have rendered service to one or more employers for compensation or received remuneration for time lost, and shall be computed in accordance with the provisions of
                section 231b(i) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Where service prior to
                August 29, 1935
                section 231b(i) of this title
            (i) 
                (i)
                service rendered to a person which was an employer on
                    August 29, 1935
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                service rendered to any express company, sleeping-car company, or carrier by railroad which was a predecessor of a company which, on
                    August 29, 1935
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                service rendered to a person not an employer in the performance of operations involving the use of standard railroad equipment if such operations were performed by an employer on
                    August 29, 1935
    (g) 
        (g)
        (1) 
            (1)
            For purposes of
                section 231b(i)(2) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of
                section 231b(i)(2) of this title
                September 7, 1939
                section 231b(i)(2) of this title
                June 15, 1948
                December 15, 1950
        (3) 
            (3)
            For purposes of
                section 231b(i)(2) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            For purposes of
                section 231b(i)(2) of this title
    (h) 
        (h)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The term “compensation” means any form of money remuneration paid to an individual for services rendered as an employee to one or more employers or as an employee representative, including remuneration paid for time lost as an employee, but remuneration paid for time lost shall be deemed earned in the month in which such time is lost. A payment made by an employer to an individual through the employer’s payroll shall be presumed, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, to be compensation for service rendered by such individual as an employee of the employer in the period with respect to which the payment is made. Compensation earned in any calendar month before 1947 shall be deemed paid in such month regardless of whether or when payment will have been in fact made, and compensation earned in any calendar year after 1946 but paid after the end of such calendar year shall be deemed to be compensation paid in the calendar year in which it will have been earned if it is so reported by the employer before February 1 of the next succeeding calendar year or if the employee establishes, subject to the provisions of
                section 231h of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            An employee shall be deemed to be paid “for time lost” the amount he is paid by an employer with respect to an identifiable period of absence from the active service of the employer, including absence on account of personal injury, and the amount he is paid by the employer for loss of earnings resulting from his displacement to a less remunerative position or occupation. If a payment is made by an employer with respect to a personal injury and includes pay for time lost, the total payment shall be deemed to be paid for time lost unless, at the time of payment, a part of such payment is specifically apportioned to factors other than time lost, in which event only such part of the payment as is not so apportioned shall be deemed to be paid for time lost.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Solely for purposes of determining amounts to be included in the compensation of an employee, the term “compensation” shall also include cash tips received by an employee in any calendar month in the course of his employment by an employer unless the amount of such cash tips is less than $20.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Tips included as compensation by reason of the provisions of subdivision (3) shall be deemed to be paid at the time a written statement including such tips is furnished to the employer pursuant to section 6053(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
                26 U.S.C. 6053(a)
        (5) 
            (5)
            In determining compensation, there shall be attributable as compensation paid to an employee in calendar months in which he is in military service creditable under
                section 231b(i)(2) of this title
            (i) 
                (i)
                for each such calendar month prior to 1968, $160;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                for each such calendar month after 1967 and prior to 1975, $260; and
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                for each such calendar month after 1974, the amount which is creditable as such individual’s “wages” under section 209(d) of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 409(d)
        (6) 
            (6)
            Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding subdivisions of this subsection, the term “compensation” shall not include—
            (i) 
                (i)
                tips, except as is provided under subdivision (3) of this subsection;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                remuneration for service which is performed by a non-resident alien individual for the period he is temporarily present in the United States as a nonimmigrant under subparagraph (F) or (J) of
                    section 1101(a)(15) of title 8
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                remuneration earned in the service of a local lodge or division of a railway-labor-organization employer with respect to any calendar month in which the amount of such remuneration is less than $25;
            (iv) 
                (iv)
                remuneration for service as a delegate to a national or international convention of a railway-labor-organization employer if the individual rendering such service has not previously rendered service, other than as such a delegate, which may be included in his “years of service;”
            (v) 
                (v)
                the amount of any payment (including any amount paid by an employer for insurance or annuities, or into a fund, to provide for any such payment) made to, or on behalf of, an employee or any of his dependents under a plan or system established by an employer which makes provision for his employees generally (or for his employees generally and their dependents) or for a class or classes of his employees (or for a class or classes of his employees and their dependents), on account of sickness or accident disability or medical or hospitalization expenses in connection with sickness or accident disability; and
            (vi) 
                (vi)
                an amount paid specifically—either as an advance, as reimbursement or allowance—for traveling or other bona fide and necessary expenses incurred or reasonably expected to be incurred in the business of the employer provided any such payment is identified by the employer either by a separate payment or by specifically indicating the separate amounts where both wages and expense reimbursement or allowance are combined in a single payment.
        (7) 
            (7)
            2 
            The term “compensation” includes any separation allowance or subsistence allowance paid under any benefit schedule provided under section 701 of title VII of the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973 [
                45 U.S.C. 797
                2
                2 
                    2
                45 U.S.C. 797a
                45 U.S.C. 797
        (8) 
            (8)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of this subchapter, for the purposes of sections 231b(a)(1), 231c(a)(1), and 231c(f)(1) of this title, the term “compensation” includes any payment from any source to an employee or employee representative if such payment is subject to tax under section 3201 or 3211 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
                26 U.S.C. 3201
    (i) 
        (i)
        The term “Board” means the Railroad Retirement Board.
    (j) 
        (j)
        The term “company” includes corporations, associations, and joint-stock companies.
    (k) 
        (k)
        The term “employee” includes an officer of an employer.
    (l) 
        (l)
        The term “person” means an individual, a partnership, an association, a joint-stock company, a corporation, or the United States or any other governmental body.
    (m) 
        (m)
        The term “United States,” when used in a geographical sense, means the States and the District of Columbia.
    (n) 
        (n)
        The term “Social Security Act” means the Social Security Act as amended [
            42 U.S.C. 301
    (o) 
        (o)
        An individual shall be deemed to have “a current connection with the railroad industry” at the time an annuity begins to accrue to him and at death if, in any thirty consecutive calendar months before the month in which an annuity under this subchapter begins to accrue to him, or the month in which he dies if that first occurs, he will have been in service as an employee in not less than twelve calendar months and, if such thirty calendar months do not immediately precede such month, he will not have been engaged in any regular employment other than employment for an employer or employment with the Department of Transportation, the Interstate Commerce Commission, the Surface Transportation Board, the National Mediation Board, the National Transportation Safety Board, the State-owned railroad (as defined in the Alaska Railroad Transfer Act of 1982 [
            45 U.S.C. 1201
            section 231a(b) of this title
            section 231a(d) of this title
            section 231a(d) of this title
            45 U.S.C. 228a
            section 231a(d) of this title
            42 U.S.C. 301
            December 31, 1936
    (p) 
        (p)
        The term “annuity” means a monthly sum which is payable on the first day of each calendar month for the accrual during the preceding calendar month.
    (q) 
        (q)
        The terms “quarter” and “calendar quarter” shall mean a period of three calendar months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30, or December 31.
    (r) 
        (r)
        For purposes of this subchapter, a person shall be considered to be permanently insured under the Social Security Act [
            42 U.S.C. 301
            December 31, 1974
            42 U.S.C. 414(a)
            January 1, 1975
§ 231a. Annuity eligibility requirements
    (a) Individuals eligible for annuities; disability standards; proof of continued disability
        (a)
        Individuals eligible for annuities; disability standards; proof of continued disability
        (1) 
            (1)
            The following-described individuals, if they shall have completed ten years of service (or, for purposes of paragraphs (i), (iii), and (v), five years of service, all of which accrues after
                December 31, 1995
                section 231b of this title
            (i) 
                (i)
                individuals who have attained retirement age (as defined in section 216(
                    l
                    42 U.S.C. 416
                    l
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                individuals who have attained the age of sixty and have completed thirty years of service;
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                individuals who have attained the age of sixty-two and have completed less than thirty years of service, but the annuity of such individuals shall be reduced by
                    1
                    180
                    l
                    42 U.S.C. 416
                    l
                    1
                    240
                    l
            (iv) 
                (iv)
                individuals who have a current connection with the railroad industry, whose permanent physical or mental condition is such as to be disabling for work in their regular occupation, and who (A) have completed twenty years of service or (B) have attained the age of sixty; and
            (v) 
                (v)
                individuals whose permanent physical or mental condition is such that they are unable to engage in any regular employment.
        (2) 
            (2)
            For the purposes of paragraph (iv) of subdivision (1), the Board, with the cooperation of employers and employees, shall secure the establishment of standards determining the physical and mental conditions which permanently disqualify employees for work in the several occupations in the railroad industry, and the Board, employers, and employees shall cooperate in the promotion of the greatest practicable degree of uniformity in the standards applied by the several employers. An individual’s condition shall be deemed to be disabling for work in his regular occupation if he will have been disqualified by his employer for service in his regular occupation in accordance with the applicable standards so established; if the employee will not have been so disqualified by his employer, the Board shall determine whether his condition is disabling for work in his regular occupation in accordance with the standards generally established; and, if the employee’s regular occupation is not one with respect to which standards will have been established, the standards relating to a reasonably comparable occupation shall be used. If there is no such comparable occupation, the Board shall determine whether the employee’s condition is disabling for work in his regular occupation by determining whether under the practices generally prevailing in industries in which such occupation exists such condition is a permanent disqualification for work in such occupation. For purposes of this subdivision and paragraph (iv) of subdivision (1), an employee’s “regular occupation” shall be deemed to be the occupation in which he will have been engaged in more calendar months than the calendar months in which he will have been engaged in any other occupation during the last preceding five calendar years, whether or not consecutive, in each of which years he will have earned wages or salary, except that, if an employee establishes that during the last fifteen consecutive calendar years he will have been engaged in another occupation in one-half or more of all the months in which he will have earned wages or salary, he may claim such other occupation as his regular occupation.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Such satisfactory proof shall be made from time to time as prescribed by the Board, of the disability provided for in paragraph (iv) or (v) of subdivision (1) and of the continuance of such disability (according to the standards applied in the establishment of such disability) until the employee attains retirement age (as defined in section 216(
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                l
        (4) 
            (4)
            An individual who is entitled to an annuity under paragraph (v) of subdivision (1), but who does not have at least ten years of service, shall, prior to the month in which the individual attains age 62, be entitled only to an annuity amount computed under
                section 231b(a) of this title
                section 231b(a)(2) of this title
                section 231b(f)(3) of this title
                section 231b(b) of this title
    (b) Individuals eligible for supplemental annuities
        (b)
        Individuals eligible for supplemental annuities
        An individual who—
        (i) 
            (i)
            has attained age 60 and completed thirty years of service or attained age 65;
        (ii) 
            (ii)
            has completed twenty-five years of service;
        (iii) 
            (iii)
            is entitled to the payment of an annuity under subsection (a)(1);
        (iv) 
            (iv)
            had a current connection with the railroad industry at the time such annuity began to accrue; and
        (v) 
            (v)
            has performed compensated service in at least one month prior to
                October 1, 1981
        shall, subject to the conditions set forth in subsections (e) and (h), be entitled to a supplemental annuity in the amount provided under
            section 231b of this title
            Provided, however
    (c) Spouses eligible for annuities
        (c)
        Spouses eligible for annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            The spouse of an individual, if—
            (i) 
                (i)
                such individual (A) is entitled to an annuity under subsection (a)(1) and (B) has attained the age of 60 and has completed thirty years of service or has attained the age of 62, and
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                such spouse (A) has attained retirement age (as defined in section 216(
                    l
                    42 U.S.C. 416
                    l
            shall, subject to the conditions set forth in subsections (e), (f), and (h), be entitled to a spouse’s annuity, if he or she has filed application therefor, in the amount provided under
                section 231c of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            A spouse who would be entitled to an annuity under subdivision (1) or a divorced wife who would be entitled to an annuity under subdivision (4) if he or she had attained retirement age (as defined in section 216(
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                1
                144
                l
                1
                240
                l
        (3) 
            (3)
            For the purposes of this subchapter, the term “spouse” shall mean the wife or husband of an annuitant under subsection (a)(1) who (i) was married to such annuitant for a period of not less than one year immediately preceding the day on which the application for a spouse’s annuity is filed, or in the month prior to his or her marriage to such annuitant was eligible for an annuity under paragraph (i) or (iv) of subsection (d)(1) or, on the basis of disability, under paragraph (iii) thereof, or is the parent of such annuitant’s son or daughter; and (ii) in the case of a husband, was receiving at least one-half of his support from his wife at the time his wife’s annuity under subsection (a)(1) began.
        (4) 
            (4)
            The “divorced wife” (as defined in section 216(d) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 416(d)
            (i) 
                (i)
                such individual has attained the age 62;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                1 
                such divorced wife (A) has attained retirement age (as defined in section 216(
                    l
                    42 U.S.C. 416
                    l
                    1
                    1 
                        1
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                such divorced wife would have been entitled to a benefit under section 202(b) of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 402(b)
                    December 31, 1936
                    42 U.S.C. 301
            shall, subject to the conditions set forth in subsections (e), (f), and (h), be entitled to a divorced wife’s annuity, if she has filed an application therefor, in the amount provided under
                section 231c of this title
    (d) Survivors eligible for annuities
        (d)
        Survivors eligible for annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            The following described survivors of a deceased employee who will have completed ten years of service (or five years of service, all of which accrues after
                December 31, 1995
                section 231c of this title
            (i) 
                (i)
                a widow (as defined in section 216(c) and (k) of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 416(c)
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                a widow (as defined in section 216(c) and (k) of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 416(c)
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                a child (as defined in section 216(e) and (k) of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 416(e)
            (iv) 
                (iv)
                2 
                a parent (as defined in section 202(h)(3) of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 402(h)(3)
                    2
                    2 
                        2
                    Provided, however
                    42 U.S.C. 301
            (v) 
                (v)
                3 
                The
                    3
                    3 
                        3
                    42 U.S.C. 416(c)
                    42 U.S.C. 402(e)
                    December 31, 1936
                    4
                    4 
                        4
                    4
                    42 U.S.C. 402(a)
        (2) 
            (2)
            The period referred to in clause (B) of subdivision (1)(i) is the period (i) beginning with the latest of (A) the month of the employee’s death, (B) in the case of a widow, the last month for which she was entitled to an annuity under paragraph (ii) of subdivision (1) as the widow of the deceased employee, or (C) the month in which the widow’s or widower’s previous entitlement to an annuity as the widow or widower of the deceased employee terminated because her or his disability had ceased and (ii) ending with the month before the month in which she or he attains age sixty, or, if earlier, with the close of the eighty-fourth month following the month with which such period began.
        (3) 
            (3)
            For purposes of paragraph (i) or (iii) of subdivision (1), a widow, widower, or child shall be under a disability if her or his permanent physical or mental condition is such that she or he is unable to engage in any regular employment. The provisions of subsection (a)(3) of this section as to the proof of disability shall apply with regard to determinations with respect to disability under subdivision (1).
        (4) 
            (4)
            5 
            In determining for purposes of this subsection and subdivision (3) of subsection (c) whether an applicant is the wife, husband, widow, widower, child, or parent of a deceased employee as claimed, the rules set forth in section 216(h) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 416(h)
                42 U.S.C. 402
                5
                5 
                    5
    (e) Compensated service; rights to return
        (e)
        Compensated service; rights to return
        (1) 
            (1)
            No individual shall be entitled to an annuity under subsection (a)(1) until he shall have ceased to render compensated service to an employer as defined in
                section 231(a) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            An annuity under subsection (a)(1) shall be paid only if the applicant shall have relinquished such rights as he may have to return to the service of an employer:
                Provided, however
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                Provided further
                And provided further
        (3) 
            (3)
            No annuity under subsection (a)(1) or supplemental annuity under subsection (b)(1) shall be paid with respect to any month in which an individual in receipt of an annuity or supplemental annuity thereunder shall render compensated service to an employer. Individuals receiving annuities under subsection (a)(1) shall report to the Board immediately all such compensated service.
        (4) 
            (4)
            6 
            No annuity under paragraph (iv) or (v) of subsection (a)(1) shall be paid to an individual with respect to any month in which the individual is under retirement age (as defined in section 216(
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                Provided, however
                l
                6
                6 
                    6
                6
        (5) 
            (5)
            The annuity of a spouse or divorced wife under subsection (c) shall, with respect to any month, be subject to the same provisions of this subsection as the individual’s annuity. In addition, the annuity of a spouse under subsection (c) shall not be payable for any month if the individual’s annuity under subsection (a)(1) is not payable for such month by reason of the provisions of this subsection.
    (f) Deductions on account of work
        (f)
        Deductions on account of work
        (1) 
            (1)
            That portion of the individual’s annuity as is computed under
                section 231b(a) of this title
                December 31, 1974
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231b(h) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 403
                Provided, however
                December 31, 1974
        (2) 
            (2)
            That portion of the spouse’s or divorced wife’s annuity under subsection (c) which is derived from the portion of the individual’s annuity subject to deductions under subdivision (1) and that portion of the spouse’s or divorced wife’s annuity as is computed under
                section 231c(e) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
        (3) 
            (3)
            Deductions shall not be made pursuant to subdivision (1) from that portion of an individual’s annuity as is computed under
                section 231b(a) of this title
                section 231b(m) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            Deductions shall not be made pursuant to subdivision (2) from that portion of a spouse’s annuity as is computed under
                section 231c(a) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
        (5) 
            (5)
            If an annuity begins to accrue on other than the first day of a month, subdivisions (1) and (2) of this subsection shall not apply in the year the annuity begins to accrue if the annuitant has no earnings in excess of the monthly exempt amount in such year after the annuity beginning date.
        (6) 
            (6)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Except as provided in subparagraph (B)—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    that portion of the annuity for any month of an individual as is computed under
                        section 231b(b) of this title
                        section 231b(g) of this title
                        section 231b(e) of this title
                        section 231c(b) of this title
                        section 231c(d) of this title
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    that portion of the annuity for any month of a spouse as is computed under
                        section 231c(b) of this title
                        section 231c(d) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                Any deductions imposed by this subdivision for any month shall not exceed 50 percent of the annuity amount for such month to which such deductions apply.
    (g) Employment compensation of survivors; deductions
        (g)
        Employment compensation of survivors; deductions
        (1) 
            (1)
            No annuity shall be paid to a survivor under subsection (d) with respect to any month in which such survivor renders service for compensation as an employee of an employer. Survivors receiving annuities under subsection (d) shall report to the Board immediately all such service for compensation.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Deductions, in amounts and at such time or times as the Board shall determine, shall be made from any payments to which a survivor is entitled under subsection (d) until the total of such deductions equals such survivor’s annuity under that subsection for any month, if for such month such survivor would be charged with excess earnings under section 203(f) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 403(f)
                42 U.S.C. 403(f)
                42 U.S.C. 402
                Provided, however
    (h) Military service; reductions
        (h)
        Military service; reductions
        (1) 
            (1)
            Repealed.
                Pub. L. 98–76, title IV, § 414(a)
                Aug. 12, 1983
                97 Stat. 436
        (2) 
            (2)
            The supplemental annuity provided an individual by subsection (b) shall, with respect to any month, be reduced by the amount of the supplemental pension, attributable to the employer’s contribution, that such individual is entitled to receive for that month under any other supplemental pension plan:
                Provided, however
        (3) 
            (3)
            If a spouse or divorced wife entitled to an annuity under subsection (c) or a survivor entitled to an annuity under subsection (d) for any month is also entitled to annuity under subsection (a)(1) for such month, the annuity under subsection (c) or (d) shall be reduced, but not below zero, by an amount equal to the annuity under subsection (a)(1):
                Provided, however
                January 1, 1975
        (4) 
            (4)
            If an annuitant is entitled to more than one annuity under subsections (c) and (d) for a month, such annuitant shall be entitled to only the larger of such annuities for such month, except that, if such annuitant so elects, he shall instead be entitled to only the smaller of such annuities for such month.
    (i) Limitation; service accrued after 1995
        (i)
        Limitation; service accrued after 1995
            An individual entitled to an annuity under this section who has completed five years of service, all of which accrues after 1995, but who has not completed ten years of service, and the spouse, divorced spouse, and survivors of such individual, shall not be entitled to an annuity amount provided under section 231b(a), section 231c(a), or
                section 231c(f) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
§ 231b. Computation of annuities
    (a) Amount
        (a)
        Amount
        (1) 
            (1)
            The annuity of an individual under
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1936
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of this subsection, individuals entitled to an annuity under
                section 231a(a)(1)(ii) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 415(f)
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 423
        (3) 
            (3)
            If an individual entitled to an annuity under section 231a(a)(1)(i) or (iii) of this title on the basis of less than ten years of service is entitled to a benefit under section 202(a), section 202(b), or section 202(c) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 402(a)
    (b) Increased annuities under subsection (a)
        (b)
        Increased annuities under subsection (a)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The amount of the annuity of an individual provided under subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to seven-tenths of 1 per centum of the product which is obtained by multiplying such individual’s “years of service” by such individual’s “average monthly compensation” as determined under this subsection. The annuity amount payable to the individual under this subsection shall be reduced by 25 per centum of the annuity amount computed for such individual under subsection (h)(1) or (h)(2), and subsection (h)(5), of this section without regard to
                section 231f(c)(1) of this title
                section 231h of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of subdivision (1) of this subsection, in determining “average monthly compensation” for an individual who has not engaged in employment for an employer in the 60-month period preceding the month in which such individual’s annuity began to accrue, and whose major employment during such 60-month period was for a United States department or agency named in section 231(
                o
            (i) 
                (i)
                the compensation credited to such individual for such month under paragraph (1) of this subsection; and
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                the quotient obtained by dividing—
                (I) 
                    (I)
                    the average of total wages (as de­termined under section 215(b)(3)(A)(ii)(I) of the Social Security Act [
                        42 U.S.C. 415(b)(3)(A)(ii)(I)
                (II) 
                    (II)
                    the average of total wages (as de­termined under section 215(b)(3)(A)(ii)(II) of the Social Security Act [
                        42 U.S.C. 415(b)(3)(A)(ii)(II)
            In no event shall “average monthly compensation” determined for an individual under this subdivision exceed the maximum “average monthly compensation” which can be determined under subdivision (1) of this subsection for any person retiring January 1 of the year in which such individual’s annuity began to accrue.
    (c) , (d) Repealed.
        (c)
        , (d) Repealed.
            Pub. L. 97–35, title XI, § 1118(b)
            Aug. 13, 1981
            95 Stat. 631
    (e) Supplemental annuities
        (e)
        Supplemental annuities
            The supplemental annuity of an individual under
                section 231a(b) of this title
    (f) Reductions in annuities
        (f)
        Reductions in annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            If, in the case of an individual whose annuity under
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1983
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231c(e) of this title
                section 231a(f) of this title
                December 31, 1974
                45 U.S.C. 228a
                December 31, 1974
                26 U.S.C. 3121
                45 U.S.C. 228c(a)(2)
                December 31, 1974
        (2) 
            (2)
            If for any month in which an annuity accrues and is payable under this subchapter the annuity to which an individual is entitled under this subchapter (or would have been entitled except for a reduction pursuant to a joint and survivor election), together with the annuity, if any, of the spouse and divorced wife of such individual, is less than the total amount, or the additional amount, which would have been payable to all persons for such month under the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1936
                Provided, however
                section 231a of this title
                section 231a(c) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 416(e)
                42 U.S.C. 423(c)(2)
                section 231a of this title
                section 231a(c) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
    (g) Increased annuities under subsection (b)
        (g)
        Increased annuities under subsection (b)
        (1) 
            (1)
            Effective with the date of any increase after
                January 31, 1984
                42 U.S.C. 301
                42 U.S.C. 415(i)
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The first and, if necessary, the following time or times after
                January 1, 1983
                42 U.S.C. 402
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
    (h) Increased annuities under subsections (a) and (b)
        (h)
        Increased annuities under subsections (a) and (b)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The amount of the annuity provided under subsections (a) and (b) of this section of an individual who (A) will have (i) rendered service as an employee to an employer, or as an employee representative, during the calendar year 1974, or (ii) had a current connection with the railroad industry on
                December 31, 1974
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1975
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1974
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1974
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
        (2) 
            (2)
            The amount of the annuity provided under subsections (a) and (b) of this section to an individual who (A) will not have met the conditions set forth in subclause (i), (ii), or (iii) of clause (A) of subdivision (1) of this subsection, but (B) will have (i) completed ten years of service prior to
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
        (3) 
            (3)
            The amount of the annuity provided under subsections (a) and (b) of this section of an individual who (A) will have (i) rendered service as an employee to an employer, or as an employee representative, during the calendar year 1974, or (ii) had a current connection with the railroad industry on
                December 31, 1974
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1975
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1974
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
        (4) 
            (4)
            The amount of the annuity provided under subsections (a) and (b) of this section of an individual who (A) will not have met the conditions set forth in subclause (i), (ii), or (iii) of clause (A) of subdivision (3) of this subsection, but (B) will have completed ten years of service prior to
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
        (5) 
            (5)
            The amount computed under subdivision (1), (2), (3), or (4) of this subsection shall be increased by the same percentage, or percentages, as benefits under the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 301
                42 U.S.C. 415(i)
                January 1, 1975
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1982
        (6) 
            (6)
            No amount shall be payable to an individual under subdivision (3) or (4) of this subsection unless the entitlement of such individual to such amount had been determined prior to
                August 13, 1981
    (i) Years of service
        (i)
        Years of service
        (1) 
            (1)
            The “years of service” of an individual shall include all his service subsequent to
                December 31, 1936
        (2) 
            (2)
            The “years of service” of an individual shall also include his voluntary or involuntary military service, within or without the United States, during any war service period:
                Provided, however
                Provided further
                And provided further
                42 U.S.C. 301
                And provided further
        (3) 
            (3)
            The “years of service” of an individual who was an employee on
                August 29, 1935
                January 1, 1937
                Provided, however
                December 31, 1936
                August 29, 1935
                January 1, 1937
                December 31, 1936
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1937
        (4) 
            (4)
            Where for any calendar year after 1984 an individual has performed service for compensation in less than twelve months of the calendar year but has received compensation in excess of an amount determined by multiplying the number of months in the year in which such individual performed service for compensation by an amount equal to one-twelfth of the current maximum annual taxable “wages” as defined in section 3121 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
                26 U.S.C. 3121
    (j) Average monthly compensation
        (j)
        Average monthly compensation
        1 
            1 
            The “average monthly compensation” shall be computed in the manner specified in subsection (b) of this section, except (1) that with respect to service prior to
                January 1, 1937
                Provided, however
                1
                1 
                    1
                July 1, 1954
                June 30, 1954
                June 1, 1959
                May 31, 1959
                November 1, 1963
                October 31, 1963
                October 1, 1965
                26 U.S.C. 3121
                September 30, 1965
                June 30, 1937
                section 231h of this title
    (k) Employee representatives
        (k)
        Employee representatives
            The annuity of an individual who shall have been an employee representative shall be determined in the same manner and with the same effect as if the employee organization by which he shall have been employed were an employer.
    (l) Reductions for increased annuities
        (l)
        Reductions for increased annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            Except as provided in subdivision (2) of this subsection, if an annuity awarded under
                section 231a(a)(1)(iii) of this title
                section 231a(c)(2) of this title
                section 231a(c)(2) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The reduction required under section 231a(a)(1)(iii) or
                section 231a(c)(2) of this title
                section 231c of this title
                Public Law 93–445
                October 1, 1981
                section 231c of this title
                section 206 of Public Law 93–445
    (m) Reductions due to monthly social security payments
        (m)
        Reductions due to monthly social security payments
            The annuity of any individual under subsection (a) of this section for any month shall, after any reduction pursuant to paragraph (iii) of
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
§ 231c. Computation of spouse and survivor annuities
    (a) Amount of spouses’ annuities; age
        (a)
        Amount of spouses’ annuities; age
        (1) 
            (1)
            The annuity of a spouse or divorced wife of an individual under
                section 231a(c) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1936
        (2) 
            (2)
            1 
            For purposes of this subsection, a spouse entitled to an annuity under
                section 231a(c)(1)(ii)(B) of this title
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                1
                1 
                    1
        (3) 
            (3)
            If a spouse entitled to an annuity under section 231a(c)(1)(ii)(A), section 231a(c)(1)(ii)(C), or
                section 231a(c)(2) of this title
                section 231a(c)(4) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 402(a)
                section 231a(c)(4) of this title
    (b) Increases in spouses’ annuities in accordance with section 231b(b), (c), (d) of this title
        (b)
        Increases in spouses’ annuities in accordance with section 231b(b), (c), (d) of this title
        2 
            2 
            The amount of the annuity of a spouse of an individual provided under subsection (a) of this section shall be increased by an amount equal to 45 per centum of that portion of the individual’s annuity as is computed under subsection (b) of
                section 231b of this title
                Provided, however
                45 U.S.C. 228b(e)
                45 U.S.C. 228c(a)(2)
                January 1, 1975
                Provided further
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                2
                2 
                    2
                section 231a(c) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
    (c) Repealed.
        (c)
        Repealed.
            Pub. L. 107–90, title I, § 104(b)
            Dec. 21, 2001
            115 Stat. 882
    (d) Increases in spouses’ annuities in accordance with
        (d)
        Increases in spouses’ annuities in accordance with
            section 231b(g) of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            That portion of the annuity of the spouse of an individual as is determined under subsection (b) and (c) of this section shall be increased by the same percentage, or percentages, as the individual’s annuity is, or has been, increased pursuant to the provisions of
                section 231b(g)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            3 
            That portion of the annuity of the spouse of an individual as is determined under subsection (b) of this section prior to any determination under subsection (c) of this subsection
                3
                3 
                    3
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            The first and, if necessary, the following time or times after
                January 1, 1983
                42 U.S.C. 402
                section 231a(c) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
    (e) Increases in particular spouses’ annuities
        (e)
        Increases in particular spouses’ annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            The amount of the annuity of the spouse of an individual determined under subsections (a) and (b) of this section, if (A) such individual will have (i) rendered service as an employee to an employer, or as an employee representative, during the calendar year 1974, or (ii) had a current connection with the railroad industry on
                December 31, 1974
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1975
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
                Provided, however
                section 231b(h)(1) of this title
                section 231b(h)(5) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The amount of the annuity of the spouse of an individual determined under subsections (a) and (b) of this section, if (A) such individual will not have met the conditions set forth in subclause (i), (ii), or (iii) of clause (A) of subdivision (1) of this subsection, but (B) such individual will have completed ten years of service prior to
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
                Provided, however
                section 231b(h)(2) of this title
                section 231b(h)(5) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            The amount of the annuity of the spouse of an individual determined under subsections (a) and (b) of this section, if (A) such individual is entitled to an amount determined under the provisions of section 231b(h)(1) or 231b(h)(2) of this title and (B) such spouse is not entitled to an amount determined under the provisions of subdivision (1) or (2) of this subsection, shall be increased by an amount equal to 50 per centum of the portion of the annuity of such individual determined under the provisions of section 231b(h)(1) or 231b(h)(2) of this title prior to any increases under the provisions of
                section 231b(h)(5) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            The amount determined under the provisions of subdivision (1), (2), or (3) of this subsection shall be increased by the same percentage or percentages, as wife’s and husband’s insurance benefits under section 202 of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 402
                42 U.S.C. 301
                42 U.S.C. 415(i)
                January 1, 1975
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1982
        (5) 
            (5)
            No amount shall be payable to a person under subdivision (1), (2), or (3) of this subsection unless the entitlement of such person to such amount had been determined prior to
                August 13, 1981
    (f) Amount of survivors’ annuities; age; entitlement
        (f)
        Amount of survivors’ annuities; age; entitlement
        (1) 
            (1)
            The annuity of a survivor of a deceased employee under
                section 231a(d) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1936
                section 231a(d) of this title
                January 1, 1937
                42 U.S.C. 415(a)
                December 31, 1974
                42 U.S.C. 402(k)
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of this subsection—
            (i) 
                (i)
                a widow or widower or a parent who is entitled to an annuity based on age under
                    section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                    Provided, however
                    section 231a(d)(1) of this title
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                a widow or widower or a child who is entitled to an annuity under
                    section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                    42 U.S.C. 301
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                4 
                The
                    4
                    4 
                        4
                    section 231a(d)(1)(v) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            The annuity amount provided to a widow or widower under last sentence of subdivision (1) shall be increased by the same percentage or percentages as insurance benefits payable under section 202 of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 402
    (g) Increases in survivor’s annuities in accordance with subsection (f)
        (g)
        Increases in survivor’s annuities in accordance with subsection (f)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The amount of the annuity provided under subsection (f)(1) (other than the last sentence thereof) for a survivor of a deceased individual shall be increased by an amount equal to the appropriate one of the following percentages of that portion of the annuity computed under
                section 231b(b) of this title
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
                section 231a(d) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
            (i) 
                (i)
                In the case of a widow or widower, the increase shall be equal to 50 per centum of such portion of the deceased individual’s annuity, but the amount of the annuity so determined shall be subject to reduction on account of age in the same manner as is applicable to the annuity amount determined for the widow or widower under subsection (f) and shall be subject to increase as provided in subdivision (4) of this subsection.
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                In the case of a parent, the increase shall be equal to 35 per centum of such portion of the deceased individual’s annuity.
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                In the case of a child, the increase shall be equal to 15 per centum of such portion of the deceased individual’s annuity.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Whenever the total amount of the increases based on the deceased individual’s portion of the annuity under
                section 231b(b) of this title
            (i) 
                (i)
                less than an amount equal to 35 per centum of such portion of the deceased individual’s annuity, the total increase shall, before any deductions under
                    section 231a(g) of this title
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                more than an amount equal to 80 per centum of such portion of the deceased individual’s annuity, the total increase shall, before any deductions under
                    section 231a(g) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            An annuity determined under this subsection for a month prior to the month in which application is filed, shall be reduced to any extent that may be necessary so that it will not render erroneous any annuity which, before the filing of such application, the Board has certified for payment for such prior month.
        (4) 
            (4)
            If a widow or widower of a deceased employee is entitled to an annuity under
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                January 1, 1975
                45 U.S.C. 228e(a)
                December 31, 1974
                45 U.S.C. 228c(e)
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 402
                January 1, 1975
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            This subsection shall not apply to the annuity of a widow, surviving divorced wife, or surviving divorced mother who is entitled to such annuity on the basis of the provisions of
                section 231a(d)(1)(v) of this title
        (6) 
            (6)
            That portion of the annuity of a survivor of an individual determined under subdivisions (1) and (2) of this subsection shall be increased whenever, and by the same percentage or percentages as, the annuity of the individual would have been increased pursuant to
                section 231b(g)(1) of this title
        (7) 
            (7)
            The first and, if necessary, the following time or times after
                January 1, 1983
                42 U.S.C. 402
                section 1119(g) of Public Law 97–35
                section 231a(d) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
        (8) 
            (8)
            That portion of the annuity of a survivor of a deceased individual as is determined under subdivisions (1) and (2) of this subsection shall, if the annuity of such survivor is not subject to reduction under subdivision (7) of this subsection, be reduced by an amount equal to the dollar amount by which the annuity of the deceased individual was reduced under
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
                section 231a(d) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
                section 231b(m) of this title
        (9) 
            (9)
            That portion of the annuity of a survivor of a deceased individual as is determined under this subsection as in effect before amendment by
                section 1119(g) of Public Law 97–35
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231b(g)(2) of this title
                section 231b(m) of this title
        (10) 
            (10)
            (i) 
                (i)
                5 
                If for any month the unreduced annuity provided under this section for a widow or widower is less than the widow’s or widower’s initial minimum amount computed pursuant to paragraph (ii) of this subdivision, the unreduced annuity shall be increased to that initial minimum amount. For the purposes of this subdivision, the unreduced annuity is the annuity without regard to any deduction on account of work, without regard to any reduction for entitlement to an annuity under
                    section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                    42 U.S.C. 401
                    5
                    5 
                        5
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                For the purposes of this subdivision, the widow or widower’s initial minimum amount is the amount of the unreduced annuity computed at the time an annuity is awarded to that widow or widower, except that—
                (A) 
                    (A)
                    in subsection (g)(1)(i) “100 per centum” shall be substituted for “50 per centum”; and
                (B) 
                    (B)
                    in subsection (g)(2)(ii) “130 per centum” shall be substituted for “80 per centum” both places it appears.
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                If a widow or widower who was previously entitled to a widow’s or widower’s annuity under
                    section 231a(d)(1)(ii) of this title
                    section 231a(d)(1)(i) of this title
                    section 231a(d)(1)(i) of this title
    (h) Increases in particular widows’ and widowers’ annuities
        (h)
        Increases in particular widows’ and widowers’ annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            6 
            The amount of the annuity of the widow or widower of a deceased employee determined under subsections (f) and (g) of this section, if such deceased employee will have completed ten years of service prior to
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 301
                6
                6 
                    6
                December 31, 1974
                45 U.S.C. 228e(a)
                December 31, 1974
                45 U.S.C. 228c(e)
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 402
                January 1, 1975
                January 1, 1982
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                Provided, however
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Subdivision (1) of this subsection shall not apply to the annuity of a widow, surviving divorced wife, or surviving divorced mother who is entitled to such annuity on the basis of the provisions of
                section 231a(d)(1)(v) of this title
                August 13, 1981
    (i) Reductions in survivors’ annuities
        (i)
        Reductions in survivors’ annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            The annuity of any spouse or divorced wife under subsection (a) of this section for any month shall, after a reduction pursuant to
                section 231a(c)(2) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
        (2) 
            (2)
            If a spouse or divorced wife entitled to an annuity under
                section 231a(c) of this title
                section 231a(d) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231b(a) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            The annuity of any survivor under subsection (f) of this section shall be reduced, but not below zero, by the amount of any insurance benefit (before any deduction on account of work) payable to such survivor under title II of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 401
                42 U.S.C. 402(k)
§ 231d. Annuity beginning and ending dates
    (a) Annuities under
        (a)
        Annuities under
            section 231a of this title
        Subject to the limitations set forth below, an annuity under
            section 231a of this title
        (i) 
            (i)
            not earlier than the date specified in the application therefor;
        (ii) 
            (ii)
            in the case of an applicant otherwise entitled to an annuity under paragraph (iv) or (v) of
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1)(i) of this title
        (iii) 
            (iii)
            in the case of an applicant otherwise entitled to an annuity under section 231a(a)(1), 231a(c), or 231a(d) of this title where paragraph (ii) does not apply, not earlier than the latest of (A) the first day of the sixth month before the month in which the application therefor was filed, (B) the first day of the month in which the application therefor was filed if the effect of beginning such annuity in an earlier month would result in a greater age reduction in the annuity, unless beginning the annuity in the earlier month would enable an annuity under
                section 231a(c) of this title
        (iv) 
            (iv)
            1 
            in the case of an applicant otherwise entitled to an annuity under section 231a(c)(4) or (d)(1)(v) of this title, not earlier than the month an annuity would begin to accrue to such individual under such section if section 202(j)(1) and section 202(j)(4) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 402(j)(1)
                1
                1 
                    1
        (v) 
            (v)
            2 
            an annuity amount provided by section 231b(h)(1) or 231b(h)(2) of this title shall not be paid to an individual otherwise eligible therefor for any month before the month such individual would be entitled, upon filing an application therefor, to an old-age insurance benefit or a disability insurance benefit under title II of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 401
                section 231b(h)(4) of this title
                2
                2 
                    2
        (vi) 
            (vi)
            an annuity amount provided by section 231c(e)(1) or 231c(e)(2) of this title shall not be paid to a spouse otherwise eligible therefor for any month prior to the month such spouse would be entitled, upon filing an application therefor, to an old-age or disability insurance benefit under title II of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 401
        (vii) 
            (vii)
            an annuity amount provided by
                section 231c(e)(3) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
        For the purpose of determining annuity amounts provided under sections 231b(a), 231c(a), and 231c(f) of this title, the provisions with respect to the beginning dates of annuities set forth in this subsection shall be deemed to govern the beginning dates of monthly benefits provided under the Social Security Act [
            42 U.S.C. 301
    (b) Applications for payment
        (b)
        Applications for payment
            An application for any payment under this subchapter shall be made and filed in such manner and form as the Board may prescribe. An application filed with the Board for an employee annuity, spouse annuity, or divorced spouse annuity on the basis of the employment record of an employee who will have completed less than ten years of service shall be deemed to be an application for any benefit to which such applicant may be entitled under this subchapter or section 202(a), section 202(b), or section 202(c) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 402(a)
                42 U.S.C. 401
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                l
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
    (c) Individual’s entitlement
        (c)
        Individual’s entitlement
        (1) 
            (1)
            An individual’s entitlement to an annuity under paragraph (i), (ii), or (iii) of
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(b) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            An individual’s entitlement to an annuity under paragraph (iv) or (v) of
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                l
                42 U.S.C. 416
                l
        (3) 
            (3)
            The entitlement of a spouse of an individual to an annuity under
                section 231a(c) of this title
                section 231a(c)(1) of this title
                section 231a(c)(2) of this title
                section 231a(c)(1) of this title
                section 231a(c) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            The entitlement of a widow or widower of a deceased employee to an annuity under paragraph (i) of
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            The entitlement of a widow or widower of a deceased employee to an annuity under paragraph (i) of
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
        (6) 
            (6)
            The entitlement of a widow of a deceased employee to an annuity under paragraph (ii) of
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
        (7) 
            (7)
            The entitlement of a child of a deceased employee to an annuity under paragraph (iii) of
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
        (8) 
            (8)
            The entitlement of a parent of a deceased employee to an annuity under paragraph (iv) of
                section 231a(d)(1) of this title
        (9) 
            (9)
            No annuity shall accrue with respect to the calendar month in which an annuitant dies. In cases where an individual entitled to an annuity under this subchapter disappears, no annuity shall accrue to that individual with respect to any month until and unless such individual is shown, by evidence satisfactory to the Board, to have continued in life throughout such month, but—
            (A) 
                (A)
                where an annuity would accrue for such month under
                    section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                    section 231a(c) of this title
                    section 231a(d) of this title
                    section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                    section 231a(c) of this title
                    section 231a(c) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                if such individual is later determined to have been alive during any of such months, recovery of any benefits paid on the basis of such individual’s compensation under
                    section 231a(d) of this title
                    l
            For purposes of the payment of benefits under this subchapter, the death of an individual shall be presumed based on such individual’s unexplained absence of not less than seven years, except that whenever the death of an individual is so established, such individual shall be deemed to have died in the month in which such individual disappeared.
§ 231e. Lump sum payments
    (a) Eligible annuities; applications; reversion; determination of status of recipient
        (a)
        Eligible annuities; applications; reversion; determination of status of recipient
        (1) 
            (1)
            Annuities under
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(b) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Annuities under
                section 231a(d) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            Annuities under
                section 231a(c) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            Applications for accrued and unpaid annuities provided for in the preceding subdivisions of this subsection shall be filed prior to the expiration of two years after the death of the person to whom such annuities were originally due.
        (5) 
            (5)
            If there is no person to whom all or any part of the payments described in subdivision (1), (2), or (3) can be made, such payment or part thereof shall escheat to the credit of the Railroad Retirement Account.
        (6) 
            (6)
            For the purposes of this subsection and subsection (c) of this section, a widow or widower of an individual shall be deemed to have been living with the individual at the time of the individual’s death if the applicable conditions set forth in section 216(h)(2) or (3) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 416(h)(2)
        (7) 
            (7)
            In determining for purposes of this subsection and subsections (c) and (d) of this section whether an applicant is the widow, widower, child, or parent of an employee as claimed, the rules set forth in section 216(h) of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 416(h)
    (b) Payments in accordance with Railroad Retirement Act of 1937 and Social Security Act
        (b)
        Payments in accordance with Railroad Retirement Act of 1937 and Social Security Act
        (1) 
            (1)
            Upon the death of an individual who will have completed ten years of service prior to
                January 1, 1975
                45 U.S.C. 228e(f)(1)
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1975
                42 U.S.C. 409
                January 1, 1975
                January 1, 1975
                section 231a(d) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Upon the death of an individual who will not have completed ten years of service prior to
                January 1, 1975
                December 31, 1995
                section 231a(d) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 402(i)
                December 31, 1936
                section 231a(d) of this title
    (c) Payments in the absence of further benefits
        (c)
        Payments in the absence of further benefits
        (1) 
            (1)
            Whenever it shall appear, with respect to the death of an employee, that no benefits, or no further benefits (other than benefits payable to a widow, widower, or parent under either this subchapter or the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 301
            (i) 
                (i)
                the widow or widower of the deceased employee who was living with such employee at the time of such employee’s death; or
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                if there be no such widow or widower, to any child or children of such employee; or
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                if there be no such widow, widower, or child, to any grandchild or grandchildren of such employee; or
            (iv) 
                (iv)
                if there be no such widow, widower, child, or grandchild, to any parent or parents of such employee; or
            (v) 
                (v)
                if there be no such widow, widower, child, grandchild, or parent, to any brother or sister of such employee; or
            (vi) 
                (vi)
                if there be no such widow, widower, child, grandchild, parent, brother, or sister, to the estate of such employee:
                Provided, however
                section 231(a) of this title
                section 231(c) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
        (2) 
            (2)
            The lump sum provided under subdivision (1) of this subsection shall be in an amount equal to (A) the sum of 4 per centum of the deceased employee’s compensation paid after
                December 31, 1936
                January 1, 1947
                December 31, 1946
                January 1, 1959
                December 31, 1958
                January 1, 1962
                December 31, 1961
                January 1, 1966
                December 31, 1965
                January 1, 1975
                26 U.S.C. 3201
                26 U.S.C. 3101(b)
                June 30, 1963
                January 1, 1975
                26 U.S.C. 3211
                45 U.S.C. 228a
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231f(d) of this title
                45 U.S.C. 228s–2
                section 231a(b) of this title
                45 U.S.C. 228c(j)
                section 231b(a) of this title
                section 231c(a) of this title
                section 231b(h) of this title
                section 231c(e) of this title
                section 231(b) of this title
                July 1, 1954
                June 30, 1954
                June 1, 1959
                May 31, 1959
                November 1, 1963
                October 31, 1963
                October 1, 1965
                26 U.S.C. 3121
                September 30, 1965
        (3) 
            (3)
            Notwithstanding the last sentence of paragraph (1), benefits shall be paid to a survivor who—
            (A) 
                (A)
                is a divorced wife; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                through administrative error received benefits otherwise precluded by the making of a lump sum payment under this section to a widow;
            if that divorced wife makes an election to repay to the Board the lump sum payment. The Board may withhold up to 10 percent of each benefit amount paid after
                October 21, 1998
    (d) Payments to recipients ineligible for certain other annuities
        (d)
        Payments to recipients ineligible for certain other annuities
        (1) 
            (1)
            Every individual who will have completed ten years of service at the time of his retirement or death, but does not meet the qualifications for an annuity amount determined under the provisions of section 231b(h)(1) or 231b(h)(2) of this title, shall, at the time his annuity under
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The lump sum provided under subdivision (1) of this subsection shall be in an amount equal to the sum of (A) 1.5 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for any calendar year after 1950 and before 1954 as is in excess of $3,600, plus (B) 2 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for any calendar year after 1953 and before 1957 as is in excess of $4,200, plus (C) 2.25 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for any calendar year after 1956 and before 1959 as is in excess of $4,200, plus (D) 2.5 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1959 as is in excess of $4,800, plus (E) 3 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for each of the calendar years 1960 and 1961 as is in excess of $4,800, plus (F) 3.125 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1962 as is in excess of $4,800, plus (G) 3.625 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for any calendar year after 1962 and before 1966 as is in excess of $5,400, plus (H) 4.2 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1966 as is in excess of $6,600, plus (I) 4.4 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1967 as is in excess of $6,600, plus (J) 3.8 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1968 as is in excess of $7,800, plus (K) 4.2 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for each of the calendar years 1969 and 1970 as is in excess of $7,800, plus (L) 4.6 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1971 as is in excess of $7,800, plus (M) 4.6 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1972 as is in excess of $9,000, plus (N) 4.85 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1973 as is in excess of $10,800, plus (O) 4.95 per centum of so much of such individual’s combined earnings for the calendar year 1974 as is in excess of $13,200. For purposes of this subsection, the term “combined earnings” shall include “compensation” as defined in section 1(h) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1937 [
                45 U.S.C. 228a(h)
                42 U.S.C. 409
                42 U.S.C. 411(b)
    (e) Additional lump sum payment in certain cases
        (e)
        Additional lump sum payment in certain cases
        (1) 
            (1)
            Every individual who will have completed ten years of service (or five or more years of service, all of which accrues after
                December 31, 1995
                January 1, 1985
                section 231b(i)(4) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            1 
            The lump sum provided under subdivision (
                l
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 231b(i)(4) of this title
                26 U.S.C. 3201(b)
§ 231f. Railroad Retirement Board
    (a) Administration
        (a)
        Administration
            This subchapter shall be administered by the Railroad Retirement Board established by the Railroad Retirement Act of 1937 [
                45 U.S.C. 228a
                section 231(a)(1) of this title
    (b) Powers and duties
        (b)
        Powers and duties
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Board shall have and exercise all the duties and powers necessary to administer this subchapter. The Board shall take such steps as may be necessary to enforce such subchapter and make awards and certify payments. Decisions by the Board upon issues of law and fact relating to annuities or death benefits shall not be subject to review by any other administrative or accounting officer, agent, or employee of the United States.
        (2) 
            (2)
            In the case of—
            (A) 
                (A)
                an individual who will have completed ten years of service (or five or more years of service, all of which accrues after
                    December 31, 1995
            (B) 
                (B)
                the wife or divorced wife or husband of such an individual,
            (C) 
                (C)
                any survivor of such an individual if such survivor is entitled, or could upon application become entitled, to an annuity under
                    section 231a of this title
            (D) 
                (D)
                any other person entitled to benefits under title II of the Social Security Act [
                    42 U.S.C. 401
            the Board shall provide for the payment on behalf of the Managing Trustee of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of monthly benefits payable under title II of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 401
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the Board finds that an applicant is entitled to an annuity or death benefit under the provisions of this subchapter then the Board shall make an award fixing the amount of the annuity or benefit, as the case may be, and shall certify the payment thereof as hereinafter provided; otherwise the application shall be denied. For purposes of this section, the Board shall have and exercise such of the powers, duties and remedies provided in subsections (a), (b), (d), and (n) of section 12 of the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 362
                Provided, however
        (4) 
            (4)
            (A) 
                (A)
                The Secretary of the Treasury shall serve as the disbursing agent for benefits payable under this subchapter, under such rules and regulations as the Secretary may in the Secretary’s discretion prescribe.
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Board shall from time to time certify—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    to the Secretary of the Treasury the amounts required to be transferred from the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account and the Dual Benefits Payments Account to the disbursing agent to make payments of benefits and the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer those amounts;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    to the Board of Trustees of the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust the amounts required to be transferred from the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust to the disbursing agent to make payments of benefits and the Board of Trustees shall transfer those amounts; and
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    to the disbursing agent the name and address of each individual entitled to receive a payment, the amount of such payment, and the time at which the payment should be made.
        (5) 
            (5)
            The Board shall establish and promulgate rules and regulations to provide for the adjustment of all controversial matters arising in the administration of this subchapter. All rules, regulations, or decisions of the Board shall require the approval of at least two members, and they shall be entered upon the records of the Board, which shall be a public record.
        (6) 
            (6)
            The Board shall gather, keep, compile, and publish in convenient form such records and data as may be necessary to assure proper administration of this subchapter, including subdivision (2) of this subsection. The Board shall have power to require all employers and employees and any officer, board, commission, or other agency of the United States to furnish such information and records as shall be necessary for the administration of this subchapter, including subdivision (2) of this subsection. The several district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction upon suit by the Board to compel obedience to any order of the Board issued pursuant to this section. The orders, writs, and processes of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia in such suits may run and be served anywhere in the United States. Witnesses summoned before the Board shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. The Board shall make an annual report to the President of the United States to be submitted to Congress.
        (7) 
            (7)
            1 
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall furnish the Board certified reports of wages, self-employment income, and periods of service and of other records in his possession, or which he may secure, pertinent to the administration of this subchapter, the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
                1
                1 
                    1
                45 U.S.C. 901
                45 U.S.C. 1001
                1
                section 231h of this title
                section 231a of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                section 231q of this title
                Provided, however
        (8) 
            (8)
            Any department or agency of the United States maintaining records of military service, at the request of the Board, shall certify to the Board, with respect to any individual, the number of months of military service which such department or agency finds the individual to have had during any period or periods with respect to which the Board’s request is made, the date and manner of entry into such military service, and the conditions under which such service was continued. Any department or agency of the United States which is authorized to make awards of pensions, disability compensation, or any other gratuitous benefits or allowances payable, on the periodic basis or otherwise, under any other Act of Congress on the basis of military service, at the request of the Board, shall certify to the Board, with respect to any individual, the calendar months for all or part of which any such pension, compensation, benefit, or allowance is payable to, or with respect to, the individual, the amounts of any such pension, compensation, benefit, or allowance, and the military service on which such pension, compensation, benefit, or allowance is based. Any certification made pursuant to the provisions of this subdivision shall be conclusive on the Board:
                Provided, however
        (9) 
            (9)
            2 
            The Board shall maintain such offices, provide such equipment, furnishings, supplies, services, and facilities, and employ such individuals and provide for their compensation and expenses as may be necessary for the proper discharge of its functions. All positions to which such individuals are appointed, except one administrative assistant to each member of the Board, shall be in and under the competitive civil service and shall not be removed or excepted therefrom. In the employment of such individuals under the civil service laws and rules the Board shall give preference over all others to individuals who have had experience in railroad service, if, in the judgment of the Board, they possess the qualifications necessary for the proper discharge of the duties of the positions to which they are to be appointed. For purposes of its administration of this subchapter or the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
                2
                2 
                    2
    (c) Sources of payments; adjustments
        (c)
        Sources of payments; adjustments
        (1) 
            (1)
            Benefit payments determined by the Board to be payable under this subchapter shall be made by the disbursing agent under subsection (b)(4) from money transferred to it from the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust or the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account, as the case may be, except that payments of annuity amounts made under sections 231b(h), 231c(e), and 231c(h) of this title and under sections 204(a)(3), 204(a)(4), 206(3), and 207(3) of
                Public Law 93–445
                Public Law 93–445
                Public Law 93–445
        (2) 
            (2)
            At the close of the fiscal year ending
                June 30, 1975
                December 31, 1936
                42 U.S.C. 301
                26 U.S.C. 3101
        (3) 
            (3)
            For purposes of subdivision (2), for any fiscal year, the rate of interest to be used shall be equal to the average rate of interest, computed as of May 31 preceding the close of such fiscal year, borne by all interest-bearing obligations of the United States then forming a part of the public debt; except that where such average rate is not a multiple of one-eighth of 1 per centum, the rate of interest shall be the multiple of one-eighth of 1 per centum next lower than such average rate.
        (4) 
            (4)
            After the end of each month beginning with the month of October 1983, the Board shall determine the net amount, if any, which if added to or subtracted from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, and the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund would, with respect to such month, place those Trust Funds, taken as a whole, in the same position in which they would have been if (A) service as an employee after
                December 31, 1936
                42 U.S.C. 301
                26 U.S.C. 3101
                August 12, 1983
                section 3102 of title 31
                section 3102 of title 31
                September 30, 1984
    (d) Hospital insurance benefits; certified beneficiaries; disability insurance benefits; services in Canada; exchange of information
        (d)
        Hospital insurance benefits; certified beneficiaries; disability insurance benefits; services in Canada; exchange of information
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Board shall, for purposes of this subsection, have the same authority to determine the rights of individuals described in subdivision (2) to have payments made on their behalf for hospital insurance benefits consisting of inpatient hospital services, posthospital extended care services, home health services, hospice care, and outpatient hospital diagnostic services (all hereinafter referred to as “services”) under section 226 [
                42 U.S.C. 426
                42 U.S.C. 1395c
                section 231g of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, every person who—
            (i) 
                (i)
                has attained age 65 and (A) is entitled to an annuity under this subchapter or (B) would be entitled to such an annuity had he ceased compensated service and, in the case of a spouse or divorced wife, had such spouse’s husband or wife ceased compensated service or (C) bears a relationship to an employee which, by reason of
                    section 231b(f)(2) of this title
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                has not attained age 65 and (A) has been entitled to an annuity under
                    section 231a of this title
                    45 U.S.C. 228a
                    section 231a of this title
                    section 231b(f)(2) of this title
                    42 U.S.C. 423
                    42 U.S.C. 402
                    December 31, 1936
            shall be certified to the Secretary of Health and Human Services as a qualified railroad retirement beneficiary under section 226 of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 426
        (3) 
            (3)
            If an individual entitled to an annuity under paragraph (iv) or (v) of
                section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 423(c)(1)
                December 31, 1936
                42 U.S.C. 301
        (4) 
            (4)
            The rights of individuals described in subdivision (2) of this subsection to have payment made on their behalf for the services referred to in subdivision (1) but provided in Canada shall be the same as those of individuals to whom section 226 [
                42 U.S.C. 426
                42 U.S.C. 1395c
                42 U.S.C. 1395y(a)(4)
                ll
                section 231i of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            The Board and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall furnish each other with such information, records, and documents as may be considered necessary to the administration of this subsection or section 226 [
                42 U.S.C. 426
                42 U.S.C. 1395c
    (e) Acceptance of gifts and bequests
        (e)
        Acceptance of gifts and bequests
            The Board is authorized to accept on behalf of the United States money gifts and bequests made unconditionally to the Railroad Retirement Account, to the Railroad Retirement Supplemental Account, or to the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Account, or to the Board, or any member, officer, or employee thereof, for the benefit of such accounts or any activity financed through such accounts. Any such gift accepted pursuant to the authority granted in this subsection shall be deposited in the specific account designated by the donor or, if the donor has made no such specific designation, in the Railroad Retirement Account.
    (f) Congressional copies of documents submitted or transmitted to President or Office of Management and Budget
        (f)
        Congressional copies of documents submitted or transmitted to President or Office of Management and Budget
            Whenever the Board submits or transmits any budget estimate, budget request, supplemental budget estimate, or other budget information, legislative recommendation, prepared testimony for congressional hearings, or comment on legislation to the President or to the Office of Management and Budget, it shall concurrently transmit a copy thereof to the Congress. No officer or agency of the United States shall have any authority to require the Board to submit its budget requests or estimates, legislative recommendations, prepared testimony for congressional hearings, or comments on legislation to any officer or agency of the United States for approval, comments, or review, prior to the submission of such recommendations, testimony, or comments to the Congress.
§ 231f–1. Annual actuarial report
    (1) 
        (1)
        any adjustment the Railroad Retirement Board recommends regarding the rates of taxes imposed by sections 3201(b), 3211(a)(2), and 3221(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
            26 U.S.C. 3201(b)
    (2) 
        (2)
        if there are sufficient reserves in the Railroad Retirement Account, whether—
        (A) 
            (A)
            the rates of such taxes should be reduced, or
        (B) 
            (B)
            any part of the tax imposed by section 3221(b) of such Code should be diverted to the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Account to aid in the repayment of its debt to the Railroad Retirement Account.
§ 231g. Court jurisdiction
        Decisions of the Board determining the rights or liabilities of any person under this subchapter shall be subject to judicial review in the same manner, subject to the same limitations, and all provisions of law shall apply in the same manner as though the decision were a determination of corresponding rights or liabilities under the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
            45 U.S.C. 351
§ 231h. Returns of compensation; conclusiveness
        Employers shall file with the Board, in such manner and form and at such times as the Board by rules and regulations may prescribe, returns of compensation of employees, and, if the Board shall so require, shall furnish employees with statements of their compensation as reported to the Board. The Board’s record of the compensation so returned shall be conclusive as to the amount of compensation paid to an employee during each period covered by the return, and the fact that the Board’s records show that no return was made of the compensation claimed to have been paid to an employee during a particular period shall be taken as conclusive that no compensation was paid to such employee during that period, unless the error in the amount of compensation returned in the one case, or the failure to make return of the compensation in the other case, is called to the attention of the Board within four years after the day on which return of the compensation was required to be made.
§ 231i. Erroneous payments
    (a) Recovery
        (a)
        Recovery
            If the Board finds that at any time more than the correct amount of annuities or other benefits has been paid to any individual under this subchapter, or payment has been made to an individual not entitled thereto, recovery by adjustment in subsequent payments to which such individual, or any other individual on the basis of the same compensation, wages, or self-employment income, is entitled under this subchapter, or the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
                section 231f(b)(2) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
    (b) Adjustments
        (b)
        Adjustments
            Adjustments under this section may be made either by deductions from subsequent payments or, with respect to payments which are to be made during a lifetime or lifetimes, by subtracting the total amount of annuities or other benefits paid in excess of the proper amount from the actuarial value, as determined by the Board, of such payments to be made during a lifetime or lifetimes and recertifying such payments on the basis of the reduced actuarial value. In the latter case, recovery shall be deemed to have been completed upon such recertification.
    (c) Decision not to recover
        (c)
        Decision not to recover
            There shall be no recovery in any case in which more than the correct amount of annuities or other benefits has been paid under this subchapter to an individual or payment has been made to an individual not entitled thereto who, in the judgment of the Board, is without fault when, in the judgment of the Board, recovery would be contrary to the purpose of this subchapter or the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
    (d) Liability of officers
        (d)
        Liability of officers
            No certifying or disbursing officer shall be held liable for any amount certified or paid by him in good faith to any person where the recovery of such amount is waived under subsection (c) of this section or has been begun but cannot be completed under subsection (a) of this section.
§ 231j. Waiver of annuities
        Any person awarded an annuity under this subchapter may decline to accept all or any part of such annuity by a waiver signed and filed with the Board. Such a waiver may be revoked in writing at any time, but no payment of the annuity waived shall be made covering the period during which such waiver was in effect. Such a waiver will have no effect on entitlement to, or the amount of, any other annuity or benefit.
§ 231k. Incompetence
    (a) 
        (a)
        Every individual receiving or claiming benefits, or to whom any right or privilege is extended, under this subchapter or any other Act of Congress now or hereafter administered, in whole or in part, by the Board shall be conclusively presumed to have been competent until the date on which the Board receives written notice, in a form and manner acceptable to the Board, that he is an incompetent, or a minor, for whom a guardian or other person legally vested with the care of his person or estate has been appointed:
            Provided, however
    (b) 
        (b)
        Every guardian or other person legally vested with the care of the person or estate of an incompetent or minor who is receiving or claiming benefits, or to whom any right or privilege is extended, under this subchapter or any other Act of Congress now or hereafter administered, in whole or in part, by the Board shall have power everywhere, in the manner and to the extent prescribed by the Board, but subject to the provisions of the preceding subsection, to take any action necessary or appropriate to perfect any right or exercise any privilege of the incompetent or minor and to conduct all transactions on his behalf under this subchapter or any other Act of Congress now or hereafter administered, in whole or in part, by the Board. Any payment made pursuant to the provisions of this section shall be a complete settlement and satisfaction of any claim, right, or interest in and to such payment.
§ 231l. Penalties
    (a) 
        (a)
        Any person who shall knowingly fail or refuse to make any report or furnish any information required by the Board in the administration of this subchapter, including the provisions of
            section 231f(b)(2) of this title
    (b) 
        (b)
        All fines and penalties imposed by a court pursuant to this subchapter shall be paid to the court and be remitted from time to time by order of the judge to the Treasury of the United States to be credited to the Railroad Retirement Account.
§ 231m. Assignability; exemption from levy
    (a) 
        (a)
        1 
        Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
            26 U.S.C. 1
            1
            1 
                1
    (b) 
        (b)
        (1) 
            (1)
            This section shall not operate to exclude the amount of any supplemental annuity paid to an individual under
                section 231a(b) of this title
                26 U.S.C. 1
        (2) 
            (2)
            This section shall not operate to prohibit the characterization or treatment of that portion of an annuity under this subchapter which is not computed under section 231b(a), 231c(a), or 231c(f) of this title, or any portion of a supplemental annuity under this subchapter, as community property for the purposes of, or property subject to, distribution in accordance with a court decree of divorce, annulment, or legal separation or the terms of any court-approved property settlement incident to any such court decree. The Board shall make payments of such portions in accordance with any such characterization or treatment or any such decree or settlement.
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Payments made pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection shall not require that the employee be entitled to an annuity under
                    section 231a(a)(1) of this title
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    The employee has completed ten years of service in the railroad industry or, five years of service all of which accrues after
                        December 31, 1995
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    The spouse or former spouse attains age 62.
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    The employee attains age 62 (or if deceased, would have attained age 62).
            (B) 
                (B)
                Payments made pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection shall terminate upon the death of the spouse or former spouse, unless the court document provides for termination at an earlier date. Notwithstanding the language in a court order, that portion of payments made pursuant to paragraph (2) which represents payments computed pursuant to
                    section 231b(f)(2) of this title
            (C) 
                (C)
                If the employee is not entitled to an annuity under
                    section 231a(a)(1) of this title
§ 231n. Railroad Retirement Account
    (a) Maintenance of account; authorization of appropriations
        (a)
        Maintenance of account; authorization of appropriations
            The Railroad Retirement Account established by section 15(a) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1937 [
                45 U.S.C. 228
                o
                June 30, 1975
                section 231f(c)(1) of this title
                26 U.S.C. 3201
    (b) Authorization of appropriations; military service costs and administrative expenses
        (b)
        Authorization of appropriations; military service costs and administrative expenses
            In addition to the amount appropriated in subsection (a) of this section, there is hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Railroad Retirement Account for each fiscal year, beginning with the fiscal year ending
                June 30, 1975
                section 231a of this title
                section 231f(c)(2) of this title
                Provided, however
                l
                45 U.S.C. 228c–1
                l
                June 30, 1975
                section 231f(c)(2) of this title
                42 U.S.C. 401
                January 1, 1957
                l
    (c) Repealed.
        (c)
        Repealed.
            Pub. L. 107–90, title I, § 106(b)
            Dec. 21, 2001
            115 Stat. 887
    (d) Dual Benefits Payments Account
        (d)
        Dual Benefits Payments Account
        (1) 
            (1)
            There is hereby created an account in the Treasury of the United States to be known as the Dual Benefits Payments Account. There is hereby authorized to be appropriated to such account for each fiscal year beginning with the fiscal year ending
                September 30, 1982
                Public Law 93–445
                September 30, 1982
                Public Law 93–445
                section 231f(c)(1) of this title
                Public Law 93–445
                section 231f(b)(4) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Secretary of the Treasury—
            (i) 
                (i)
                shall transfer from the general fund as a loan to the Board on
                    January 1, 1984
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                shall transfer from the general fund as a loan to the Board on
                    January 1, 1985
                    January 1, 1984
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                shall transfer from the general fund as a loan to the Board on
                    January 1, 1986
                    January 1, 1984
        (3) 
            (3)
            The special amount referred to in subdivision (2) of this subsection is the amount which, as of
                January 1, 1984
                January 1, 1975
                September 30, 1981
                Public Law 93–445
        (4) 
            (4)
            For the purposes of subdivision (2) of this subsection, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to use as a public debt transaction the proceeds of the sale of any securities issued after
                August 12, 1983
                section 3102 of title 31
        (5) 
            (5)
            The amounts transferred to the Board as loans under subdivision (2) of this subsection shall be deposited in the Railroad Retirement Account.
        (6) 
            (6)
            The amounts transferred as loans under subdivision (2) of this subsection shall be repaid to the general fund to the extent sums are appropriated for that purpose, and there are hereby authorized to be appropriated, in addition to any other sums authorized to be appropriated for the purposes of this subchapter and from any sums in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary to make such repayments.
    (e) Investments
        (e)
        Investments
            At the request and direction of the Board, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury (hereinafter referred to as the “Secretary”) to invest such portion of the amounts credited to the Railroad Retirement Account and the Dual Benefits Payments Account as are not transferred to the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust as the Board may determine in interest-bearing obligations of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. For such purpose such obligations may be acquired (A) on original issue at the issue price; or (B) by purchase of outstanding obligations at the market price. The purposes for which obligations of the United States may be issued under chapter 31 of title 31, are hereby extended to authorize the issuance at par of special obligations exclusively to the accounts. Such obligations issued for purchase by the accounts shall have maturities fixed with due regard for the needs of the accounts, and shall bear interest at a rate equal to the average market yield, computed as of the end of the calendar month next preceding the date of such issue, borne by all marketable interest-bearing notes of the United States then forming a part of the public debt that are not due or callable until after the expiration of three years from the end of such calendar month, except that where such rate is not a multiple of one-eighth of 1 per centum, the rate of interest on such obligation shall be the multiple of one-eighth of 1 per centum nearest such rate:
                Provided
                Provided
    (f) Actuarial Advisory Committee
        (f)
        Actuarial Advisory Committee
            The Board is hereby authorized and directed to select two actuaries, one from recommendations made by representatives of employees and the other from recommendations made by representatives of employers as defined in paragraph (i) of
                section 231(a)(1) of this title
                Provided, however
                January 1, 1975
    (g) Annual report
        (g)
        Annual report
            The Board shall include in its annual report a statement of the status and the operations of the Railroad Retirement and Railroad Retirement Supplemental Accounts, and the Dual Benefits Payments Account. At intervals not longer than three years the Board shall make an estimate of the liabilities created by this subchapter and shall include such estimate in its annual report.
    (h) Authorization of appropriations; administrative expenses of subchapter
        (h)
        Authorization of appropriations; administrative expenses of subchapter
            There are hereby authorized to be appropriated from time to time such sums as may be necessary to provide for the expenses of the Board in administering the provisions of this subchapter.
    (i) Crediting of accounts for unnegotiated benefit checks
        (i)
        Crediting of accounts for unnegotiated benefit checks
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Secretary of the Treasury shall implement procedures to permit the identification of each check issued for benefits under this subchapter that has not been presented for payment by the close of the sixth month following the month of its issuance.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Secretary of the Treasury shall, on a monthly basis, credit each account established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under this subchapter for the proportionate amount of benefit checks (including interest thereon) drawn on each such Account more than six months previously but not presented for payment and not previously credited to such Account, to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts.
        (3) 
            (3)
            If a benefit check is presented for payment to the Treasury and the amount of the appropriate portion thereof has been previously credited pursuant to paragraph (2) to an Account or Accounts, the Secretary of the Treasury shall nevertheless pay such check, if otherwise proper, recharge such Account or Accounts for the amount of such check attributable to such Account or Accounts and notify the Board.
        (4) 
            (4)
            A benefit check bearing a current date may be issued to an individual who did not negotiate the original benefit check and who surrenders such check for cancellation if the Secretary of the Treasury determines it is necessary to effect proper payment of benefits.
    (j) National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust
        (j)
        National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust
        (1) Establishment
            (1)
            Establishment
                The National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as the “Trust”) is hereby established as a trust domiciled in the District of Columbia and shall, to the extent not inconsistent with this subchapter, be subject to the laws of the District of Columbia applicable to such trusts. The Trust shall manage and invest its assets in the manner set forth in this subsection.
        (2) Not a Federal agency or instrumentality
            (2)
            Not a Federal agency or instrumentality
                The Trust is not a department, agency, or instrumentality of the Government of the United States and shall not be subject to title 31.
        (3) Board of Trustees
            (3)
            Board of Trustees
            (A) Generally
                (A)
                Generally
                (i) Membership
                    (i)
                    Membership
                        The Trust shall have a Board of Trustees, consisting of 7 members. Three shall represent the interests of labor, 3 shall represent the interests of management, and 1 shall be an independent Trustee. The members of the Board of Trustees shall not be considered officers or employees of the Government of the United States.
                (ii) Selection
                    (ii)
                    Selection
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        The 3 members representing the interests of labor shall be selected by the joint recommendation of labor organizations, national in scope, organized in accordance with sections 151a and 152 of this title, and representing at least ⅔ of all active employees, represented by such national labor organizations, covered under this subchapter.
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        The 3 members representing the interests of management shall be selected by the joint recommendation of carriers as defined in
                            section 151 of this title
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        The independent member shall be selected by a majority of the other 6 members of the Board of Trustees.
                A member of the Board of Trustees may be removed in the same manner and by the same constituency that selected that member.
                (iii) Dispute resolution
                    (iii)
                    Dispute resolution
                        In the event that the parties specified in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of the previous clause cannot agree on the selection of Trustees within 60 days of the date of enactment or 60 days from any subsequent date that a position of the Board of Trustees becomes vacant, an impartial umpire to decide such dispute shall, on the petition of a party to the dispute, be appointed by the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
            (B) Qualifications
                (B)
                Qualifications
                    Members of the Board of Trustees shall be appointed only from among persons who have experience and expertise in the management of financial investments and pension plans. No member of the Railroad Retirement Board shall be eligible to be a member of the Board of Trustees.
            (C) Terms
                (C)
                Terms
                    Except as provided in this subparagraph, each member shall be appointed for a 3-year term. The initial members appointed under this paragraph shall be divided into equal groups so nearly as may be, of which one group will be appointed for a 1-year term, one for a 2-year term, and one for a 3-year term. The Trustee initially selected pursuant to clause (ii)(III) shall be appointed to a 3-year term. A vacancy in the Board of Trustees shall not affect the powers of the Board of Trustees and shall be filled in the same manner as the selection of the member whose departure caused the vacancy. Upon the expiration of a term of a member of the Board of Trustees, that member shall continue to serve until a successor is appointed.
        (4) Powers of the Board of Trustees
            (4)
            Powers of the Board of Trustees
            The Board of Trustees shall—
            (A) 
                (A)
                retain independent advisers to assist it in the formulation and adoption of its investment guidelines;
            (B) 
                (B)
                invest assets of the Trust in a manner consistent with such investment guidelines, either directly or through the retention of independent investment managers;
            (C) 
                (C)
                adopt bylaws and other rules to govern its operations;
            (D) 
                (D)
                employ professional staff, and contract with outside advisers, including the Railroad Retirement Board, to provide legal, accounting, investment advisory or management services (compensation for which may be on a fixed contract fee basis or on such other terms as are customary for such services), or other services necessary for the proper administration of the Trust;
            (E) 
                (E)
                sue and be sued and participate in legal proceedings, have and use a seal, conduct business, carry on operations, and exercise its powers within or without the District of Columbia, form, own, or participate in entities of any kind, enter into contracts and agreements necessary to carry out its business purposes, lend money for such purposes, and deal with property as security for the payment of funds so loaned, and possess and exercise any other powers appropriate to carry out the purposes of the Trust;
            (F) 
                (F)
                pay administrative expenses of the Trust from the assets of the Trust; and
            (G) 
                (G)
                transfer money to the disbursing agent or as otherwise provided in
                    section 231f(b)(4) of this title
        (5) Reporting requirements and fiduciary standards
            (5)
            Reporting requirements and fiduciary standards
            The following reporting requirements and fiduciary standards shall apply with respect to the Trust:
            (A) Duties of the Board of Trustees
                (A)
                Duties of the Board of Trustees
                The Trust and each member of the Board of Trustees shall discharge their duties (including the voting of proxies) with respect to the assets of the Trust solely in the interest of the Railroad Retirement Board and through it, the participants and beneficiaries of the programs funded under this subchapter—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    for the exclusive purpose of—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        providing benefits to participants and their beneficiaries; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        defraying reasonable expenses of administering the functions of the Trust;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    with the care, skill, prudence, and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent person acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a like character and with like aims;
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    by diversifying investments so as to minimize the risk of large losses and to avoid disproportionate influence over a particular industry or firm, unless under the circumstances it is clearly prudent not to do so; and
                (iv) 
                    (iv)
                    in accordance with Trust governing documents and instruments insofar as such documents and instruments are consistent with this subchapter.
            (B) Prohibitions with respect to members of the Board of Trustees
                (B)
                Prohibitions with respect to members of the Board of Trustees
                No member of the Board of Trustees shall—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    deal with the assets of the Trust in the Trustee’s own interest or for the Trustee’s own account;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    in an individual or in any other capacity act in any transaction involving the assets of the Trust on behalf of a party (or represent a party) whose interests are adverse to the interests of the Trust, the Railroad Retirement Board, or the interests of participants or beneficiaries; or
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    receive any consideration for the Trustee’s own personal account from any party dealing with the assets of the Trust.
            (C) Exculpatory provisions and insurance
                (C)
                Exculpatory provisions and insurance
                Any provision in an agreement or instrument that purports to relieve a Trustee from responsibility or liability for any responsibility, obligation, or duty under this subchapter shall be void:
                    Provided, however
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    the Trust from purchasing insurance for its Trustees or for itself to cover liability or losses occurring by reason of the act or omission of a Trustee, if such insurance permits recourse by the insurer against the Trustee in the case of a breach of a fiduciary obligation by such Trustee;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    a Trustee from purchasing insurance to cover liability under this section from and for his own account; or
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    an employer or an employee organization from purchasing insurance to cover potential liability of one or more Trustees with respect to their fiduciary responsibilities, obligations, and duties under this section.
            (D) Bonding
                (D)
                Bonding
                Every Trustee and every person who handles funds or other property of the Trust (hereafter in this subsection referred to as “Trust official”) shall be bonded. Such bond shall provide protection to the Trust against loss by reason of acts of fraud or dishonesty on the part of any Trust official, directly or through the connivance of others, and shall be in accordance with the following:
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    The amount of such bond shall be fixed at the beginning of each fiscal year of the Trust by the Railroad Retirement Board. Such amount shall not be less than 10 percent of the amount of the funds handled. In no case shall such bond be less than $1,000 nor more than $500,000, except that the Railroad Retirement Board, after consideration of the record, may prescribe an amount in excess of $500,000, subject to the 10 per centum limitation of the preceding sentence.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    It shall be unlawful for any Trust official to receive, handle, disburse, or otherwise exercise custody or control of any of the funds or other property of the Trust without being bonded as required by this subsection and it shall be unlawful for any Trust official, or any other person having authority to direct the performance of such functions, to permit such functions, or any of them, to be performed by any Trust official, with respect to whom the requirements of this subsection have not been met.
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    It shall be unlawful for any person to procure any bond required by this subsection from any surety or other company or through any agent or broker in whose business operations such person has any control or significant financial interest, direct or indirect.
            (E) Audit and report
                (E)
                Audit and report
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    The Trust shall annually engage an independent qualified public accountant to audit the financial statements of the Trust.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    The Trust shall submit an annual management report to the Congress not later than 180 days after the end of the Trust’s fiscal year. A management report under this subsection shall include—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        a statement of financial position;
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        a statement of operations;
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        a statement of cash flows;
                    (IV) 
                        (IV)
                        a statement on internal accounting and administrative control systems;
                    (V) 
                        (V)
                        the report resulting from an audit of the financial statements of the Trust conducted under clause (i); and
                    (VI) 
                        (VI)
                        any other comments and information necessary to inform the Congress about the operations and financial condition of the Trust.
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    The Trust shall provide the President, the Railroad Retirement Board, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a copy of the management report when it is submitted to Congress.
            (F) Enforcement
                (F)
                Enforcement
                The Railroad Retirement Board may bring a civil action—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    to enjoin any act or practice by the Trust, its Board of Trustees, or its employees or agents that violates any provision of this subchapter; or
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    to obtain other appropriate relief to redress such violations, or to enforce any provisions of this subchapter.
        (6) State and local taxes
            (6)
            State and local taxes
                The Trust shall be exempt from any income, sales, use, property, or other similar tax or fee imposed or levied by a State, political subdivision, or local taxing authority. The district courts of the United States shall have original jurisdiction over a civil action brought by the Trust to enforce this subsection and may grant equitable or declaratory relief requested by the Trust.
        (7) Quorum
            (7)
            Quorum
                Five members of the Board of Trustees constitute a quorum to do business. Investment guidelines must be adopted by a unanimous vote of the Trustees then holding office. All other decisions of the Board of Trustees shall be decided by a majority vote of the quorum present. All decisions of the Board of Trustees shall be entered upon the records of the Board of Trustees.
    (k) Transfers to the Trust
        (k)
        Transfers to the Trust
            The Board shall, upon establishment of the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust and from time to time thereafter, direct the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer, in such manner as will maximize the investment returns to the Railroad Retirement system, that portion of the Railroad Retirement Account that is not needed to pay current administrative expenses of the Board to the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust. The Secretary shall make that transfer.
    (l) National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust
        (l)
        National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust
            The National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust shall from time to time transfer to the disbursing agent described in
                section 231f(b)(4) of this title
                section 231f(b)(4) of this title
§ 231n–1. Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account
    (a) Establishment
        (a)
        Establishment
            There is hereby created an account in the Treasury of the United States to be known as the “Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account”.
    (b) Transfers, etc., to Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account
        (b)
        Transfers, etc., to Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account
        (1) 
            (1)
            There is hereby appropriated to the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account for each fiscal year, beginning with the fiscal year beginning
                October 1, 1984
            (A) 
                (A)
                Amounts covered into the Treasury (minus refunds) during such fiscal year under sections 3201(a), 3211(a)(1), and 3221(a) of the Railroad Retirement Tax Act [
                    26 U.S.C. 3201(a)
            (B) 
                (B)
                The amount which (but for this section) would have been transferred to the Railroad Retirement Account under section 121(e) of the Social Security Amendments of 1983 to the extent that the amount which would have been so transferred is attributable to taxation of social security equivalent benefits.
            Amounts appropriated to the Railroad Retirement Account shall be appropriately reduced to take into account the amounts appropriated under this paragraph to the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account.
        (2) 
            (2)
            On and after
                October 1, 1984
                section 231f(c) of this title
                October 1, 1984
                section 231f(c) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            To the extent that the authorization for appropriation contained in
                section 231n(b) of this title
                October 1, 1984
        (4) 
            (4)
            Amounts appropriated or transferred to the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account under this section shall be credited or transferred to such Account at the same time and in the same manner as such amounts would have been credited or transferred to the Railroad Retirement Account but for this section.
    (c) Availability and transfer of funds
        (c)
        Availability and transfer of funds
        (1) 
            (1)
            Except as otherwise provided in this section, amounts in the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account shall be available only for purposes of paying social security equivalent benefits under this subchapter and to provide for the administrative expenses of the Board allocable to social security equivalent benefits. The Secretary shall from time to time transfer to the disbursing agent under
                section 231f(b)(4) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            On and after
                October 1, 1984
                section 231f(c) of this title
    (d) Transfers to Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account and National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust
        (d)
        Transfers to Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account and National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust
        (1) 
            (1)
            Whenever the Board finds that the balance in the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account will be insufficient to pay social security equivalent benefits which it estimates are due in any month, it shall request the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer from the Railroad Retirement Account to the credit of the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account such moneys as the Board estimates will be necessary for the payment of such benefits, and the Secretary shall make such transfer.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Upon establishment of the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust and from time to time thereafter, the Board shall direct the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer, in such manner as will maximize the investment returns to the Railroad Retirement system, the balance of the Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account not needed to pay current benefits and administrative expenses required to be paid from that Account to the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust or the Railroad Retirement Account, and the Secretary shall make that transfer. Any balance transferred under this paragraph shall be used by the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust or the Railroad Retirement Board only to pay benefits under this subchapter or to purchase obligations of the United States (either directly or through a commingled account consisting only of such obligations) that are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States pursuant to chapter 31 of title 31. The proceeds of sales of, and the interest income from, such obligations shall be used by the Trust only to pay benefits under this subchapter or to purchase such additional obligations.
    (e) Applicability of section 231n
        (e)
        Applicability of section 231n
            The provisions of subsections (e), (f), and (g) of
                section 231n of this title
    (f) References to Railroad Retirement Account deemed references to Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account; “social security equivalent benefits” defined
        (f)
        References to Railroad Retirement Account deemed references to Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account; “social security equivalent benefits” defined
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            For purposes of making payments of social security equivalent benefits, references in the
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of this section, the term “social security equivalent benefits” means benefits payable under this subchapter which are of a kind taken into account in determining the amount of transfers made under
                section 231f(c)(2) of this title
§ 231o. Private pensions
        Nothing in this subchapter shall be taken as restricting or discouraging payment by employers to retired employees of pensions or gratuities in addition to the annuities paid to such employees under this subchapter, nor shall this subchapter be taken as terminating any trust heretofore created for the payment of such pensions or gratuities. The annuity, except a supplemental annuity under
            section 231a(b) of this title
§ 231p. Free transportation
        It shall not be unlawful for carriers by railroad subject to this subchapter to furnish free transportation to individuals receiving annuities under this subchapter in the same manner as such transportation is furnished to employees in their service.
§ 231q. Crediting service under Social Security Act
    (1) 
        (1)
        Except as provided in subdivision (2), the term “employment” as defined in section 216 of the Social Security Act [
            42 U.S.C. 416
            section 231(b) of this title
    (2) 
        (2)
        For the purpose of determining (i) monthly insurance benefits under the Social Security Act [
            42 U.S.C. 301
            December 31, 1995
            December 31, 1995
            December 31, 1995
            42 U.S.C. 403
            42 U.S.C. 410(a)(9)
            section 231(d) of this title
§ 231r. Automatic benefit eligibility requirement adjustments
    (a) Reduced benefits
        (a)
        Reduced benefits
            If title II of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 401
                December 31, 1974
                section 231a of this title
                section 231a of this title
                Provided, however
                section 231a of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
                section 231a of this title
                December 31, 1974
                Provided further
    (b) Additional eligible beneficiaries
        (b)
        Additional eligible beneficiaries
            If title II of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 401
                December 31, 1974
                January 1, 1975
                section 231a of this title
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1936
    (c) Reduced conditions of entitlement; expanded benefits
        (c)
        Reduced conditions of entitlement; expanded benefits
            If section 226 [
                42 U.S.C. 426
                42 U.S.C. 1395
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1974
                December 31, 1936
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1995
    (d) Limitations
        (d)
        Limitations
        Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a), (b), and (c) of this section—
        (1) 
            (1)
            No annuity or other benefit shall be payable to any person on the basis of the compensation and years of service of an individual by reason of the provisions of subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section if, and to the extent that, such annuity or other benefit would duplicate a benefit payable to such person on the basis of such compensation and years of service under a provision of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
        (2) 
            (2)
            No annuity shall be payable to a person by reason of subsection (a) or (b) of this section unless the individual upon whose compensation and years of service such annuity would be based will have (A) completed ten years of service (or five or more years of service, all of which accrues after
                December 31, 1995
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 301
                December 31, 1974
        (4) 
            (4)
            If and to the extent that an annuity or other benefit payable to a person by reason of the provisions of subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section duplicates an annuity or other benefit then payable to such person under other provisions of this subchapter, such annuity or other benefit then payable under other provisions of this subchapter shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of the annuity or other benefit payable by reason of subsection (a), (b), or (c).
§ 231s. Separability
        If any provision of this subchapter, or the application thereof to any person or circumstance, should be held invalid, the remainder of such subchapter, or the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.
§ 231t. Short title
        This subchapter may be cited as the “Railroad Retirement Act of 1974”.
§ 231u. Benefit preservation
    (a) 
        (a)
        (1) 
            (1)
            On or before May 1 of each year beginning in 1984, the Railroad Retirement Board shall prepare a five-year projection of anticipated revenues to and payments from the Railroad Retirement Account to determine the ability of such Account to pay benefits in each of the next succeeding five calendar years. On or before May 1 of each year beginning in 2003, the Railroad Retirement Board shall compute its projection of the account benefits ratio and the average account benefits ratio (as defined by section 3241(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
                26 U.S.C. 3241(c)
            (A) 
                (A)
                1 
                the first fiscal year during which benefits under this subchapter must be reduced, in the absence of any adjustments, because insufficient funds (including any general revenue borrowing authority under this subchapter) would preclude payment of full benefits (other than benfits
                    1
                    1 
                        1
            (B) 
                (B)
                the first fiscal year during which the Board would recommend suspension of the authority to borrow contained in
                    section 360(d) of this title
            (C) 
                (C)
                the amount, if any, of adjustments (stated in terms of percentage of taxable payroll), and any other changes such as cash flow adjustments, necessary to preserve the financial solvency of the Railroad Retirement Account, if such adjustments were effective at the beginning of the next succeeding fiscal year.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Not less than 20 nor more than 30 days after the submission of a written report under this subsection which indicates that, in the absence of any adjustments, the Railroad Retirement Account will contain insufficient funds to pay the full amount of the benefits under this subchapter which are payable from that Account at some time during the five-year period covered by the report, the Board shall publish such report in the Federal Register.
    (b) 
        (b)
        Not later than 180 days after the publication in the Federal Register of any Board report referred to in subsection (a) of this section which states an amount of adjustments (in terms of percentage of taxable payroll) necessary to preserve the financial solvency of the railroad retirement account—
        (1) 
            (1)
            representatives of railroad employees and carriers shall, jointly or separately, submit to the President, the Speaker of the House, and the President of the Senate, funding proposals designed to preserve the financial solvency of the Railroad Retirement Account; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            the President shall submit to the Speaker of the House and the President of the Senate such recommendations as he may deem appropriate with respect to the preservation of the Railroad Retirement Account, including a specific proposal to assure continuous payments of social security equivalent benefits by separating the social security equivalent benefits from industry pension equivalent benefits payable under this subchapter.
    (c) 
        (c)
        Not later than 180 days after the submission of a written report under subsection (a) of this section which states the first fiscal year during which benefits under this subchapter must be reduced because insufficient funds would preclude payment of full benefits for every month of that year, the Board shall issue and publish in the Federal Register such regulations as may be necessary which shall be designed to—
        (1) 
            (1)
            provide a constant level of benefits at the maximum level possible for every month of that fiscal year; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            provide that no individual shall receive less during that fiscal year than the amount otherwise payable if the employee’s service as an employee after
                December 31, 1936
                42 U.S.C. 301
        Unless otherwise provided by law enacted after
            August 13, 1981
§ 231v. Computation and certification of account benefit ratios
    (a) Initial computation and certification
        (a)
        Initial computation and certification
        On or before
            November 1, 2003
        (1) 
            (1)
            compute the account benefits ratios for each of the most recent 10 preceding fiscal years, and
        (2) 
            (2)
            certify the account benefits ratios for each such fiscal year to the Secretary of the Treasury.
    (b) Computations and certifications after 2003
        (b)
        Computations and certifications after 2003
        On or before November 1 of each year after 2003, the Railroad Retirement Board shall—
        (1) 
            (1)
            compute the account benefits ratio for the fiscal year ending in such year, and
        (2) 
            (2)
            certify the account benefits ratio for such fiscal year to the Secretary of the Treasury.
    (c) Definition
        (c)
        Definition
            As used in this section, the term “account benefits ratio” has the meaning given that term in section 3241(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 [
                26 U.S.C. 3241(c)
§§ 241 to 253. Repealed.
§§ 261 to 273. Omitted
§ 351. Definitions
    (a) 
        (a)
        The term “employer” means any carrier (as defined in subsection (b) of this section), and any company which is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by one or more such carriers or under common control therewith, and which operates any equipment or facility or performs any service (except trucking service, casual service, and the casual operation of equipment or facilities) in connection with the transportation of passengers or property by railroad, or the receipt, delivery, elevation, transfer in transit, refrigeration or icing, storage, or handling of property transported by railroad, and any receiver, trustee, or other individual or body, judicial or otherwise, when in the possession of the property or operating all or any part of the business of any such employer:
            Provided, however
            45 U.S.C. 151
    (b) 
        (b)
        The term “carrier” means a railroad subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board under part A of subtitle IV of title 49.
    (c) 
        (c)
        The term “company” includes corporations, associations, and joint-stock companies.
    (d) 
        (d)
        The term “employee” (except when used in phrases establishing a different meaning) means any individual who is or has been (i) in the service of one or more employers for compensation, or (ii) an employee representative. The term “employee” shall include an employee of a local lodge or division defined as an employer in subsection (a) only if he was in the service of a carrier on or after
            August 29, 1935
            The term “employee” shall not include any individual while such individual is engaged in the physical operations consisting of the mining of coal, the preparation of coal, the handling (other than movement by rail with standard railroad locomotives) of coal not beyond the mine tipple, or the loading of coal at the tipple.
    (e) 
        (e)
        An individual is in the service of an employer whether his service is rendered within or without the United States if (i) he is subject to the continuing authority of the employer to supervise and direct the manner of rendition of his service, or he is rendering professional or technical services and is integrated into the staff of the employer, or he is rendering, on the property used in the employer’s operations, other personal services the rendition of which is integrated into the employer’s operations, and (ii) he renders such service for compensation:
            Provided, however
            Provided further
    (f) 
        (f)
        The term “employee representative” means any officer or official representative of a railway labor organization other than a labor organization included in the term employer as defined in subsection (a) who before or after
            August 29, 1935
            45 U.S.C. 151
    (g) 
        (g)
        The term “employment” means service performed as an employee. For the purposes of determining eligibility for and the amount of benefits and the amount of contributions due pursuant to this chapter, employment after
            June 30, 1940
            45 U.S.C. 231
    (h) 
        (h)
        The term “registration period” means, with respect to any employee, the period which begins with the first day for which such employee registers at an employment office in accordance with such regulations as the Board may prescribe, and ends with whichever is the earlier of (i) the thirteenth day thereafter, or (ii) the day immediately preceding the day for which he next registers at a different employment office; and thereafter each period which begins with the first day for which he next registers at an employment office after the end of his last preceding registration period which began with a day for which he registered at an employment office and ends with whichever is the earlier of (i) the thirteenth day thereafter, or (ii) the day immediately preceding the day for which he next registers at a different employment office.
            The term “registration period” means also, with respect to any employee, the period which begins with the first day with respect to which a statement of sickness for a “period of continuing sickness” (as defined in
                section 352(a) of this title
                section 352(a) of this title
                section 352(a) of this title
    (i) 
        (i)
        (1) 
            (1)
                In General
            1 
            The term “compensation” means any form of money remuneration, including pay for time lost but excluding tips, paid for services rendered as an employee to one or more employers, or as an employee representative, except that in computing the compensation paid to any employee, no part of any month’s compensation in excess of the monthly compensation base (as defined in subdivision (2)) for any month shall be recognized. Solely for the purpose of determining the compensation received by an employee in a base year, the term “compensation” shall include any separation allowance or subsistence allowance paid under any benefit schedule provided under section 701
                1
                1 
                    1
                45 U.S.C. 797
                45 U.S.C. 797a
                45 U.S.C. 797
                1
                section 1101(a)(15) of title 8
                section 356 of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
                Monthly Compensation Base.—
            (A) 
                (A)
                    In general
                For purposes of subdivision (1), the term “monthly compensation base” means the amount—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    of $400 for calendar months before
                        January 1, 1984
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    of $600 for calendar months after
                        December 31, 1983
                        January 1, 1989
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    computed under subparagraph (B) for months after
                        December 31, 1988
            (B) 
                (B)
                    Computation.—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                        In general
                    The amount of the monthly compensation base for each calendar year beginning after
                        December 31, 1988
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        $600; or
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the amount, as rounded under clause (iii) if applicable, computed under the formula:
                                            A−37,800
                                            B=600
                                            A
                                            1+
                                            ————
                                            
                                            56,700
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                        Meaning of symbols
                    For the purposes of the formula in clause (i)—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        “B” is the dollar amount of the monthly compensation base; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        “A” is the amount of the applicable base with respect to tier 1 taxes, for the calendar year for which the monthly compensation base is being computed, as determined under
                            section 3231(e)(2) of title 26
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                        Rounding rule
                    If the monthly compensation base computed under this formula is not a multiple of $5, it shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $5, with such rounding being upward in the event the amount computed is equidistant between two multiples of $5.
    (j) 
        (j)
        The term “remuneration” means pay for services for hire, including pay for time lost, and tips, but pay for time lost shall be deemed earned on the day on which such time is lost. The term “remuneration” includes also earned income other than for services for hire if the accrual thereof in whole or in part is ascertainable with respect to a particular day or particular days. The term “remuneration” does not include any money payments received pursuant to any nongovernmental plan for unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, or sickness insurance.
    (k) 
        (k)
        Subject to the provisions of
            section 354 of this title
            Provided, however
            Provided further
            Provided further
            For the purpose of this subsection, the term “subsidiary remuneration” means, with respect to any employee, remuneration not in excess of an average of $15 a day for the period with respect to which such remuneration is payable or accrues, if the work from which the remuneration is derived (i) requires substantially less than full time as determined by generally prevailing standards, and (ii) is susceptible of performance at such times and under such circumstances as not to be inconsistent with the holding of normal full-time employment in another occupation.
    (l) 
        (l)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The term “benefits” (except in phrases clearly designating other payments) means the money payments payable to an employee as provided in this chapter, with respect to his unemployment or sickness.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The term “statement of sickness” means a statement with respect to days of sickness of an employee, executed in such manner and form by an individual duly authorized pursuant to
                section 362(i) of this title
    (m) 
        (m)
        The term “benefit year” means the twelve-month period beginning July 1 of any year and ending June 30 of the next year, except that a registration period beginning in June and ending in July shall be deemed to be in the benefit year ending in such month of June.
    (n) 
        (n)
        The term “base year” means the completed calendar year immediately preceding the beginning of the benefit year.
    (o) 
        (o)
        The term “employment office” means a free employment office operated by the Board, or designated as such by the Board pursuant to
            section 362(i) of this title
    (p) 
        (p)
        The term “account” means the railroad unemployment insurance account established pursuant to
            section 360 of this title
    (q) 
        (q)
        The term “fund” means the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund, established pursuant to
            section 361 of this title
    (r) 
        (r)
        The term “Board” means the Railroad Retirement Board.
    (s) 
        (s)
        The term “United States”, when used in a geographical sense, means the States and the District of Columbia.
    (t) 
        (t)
        The term “State” means any of the States or the District of Columbia.
    (u) 
        (u)
        Any reference in this chapter to any other Act of Congress, including such reference in amendments to other Acts, includes a reference to such other Act as amended from time to time.
§ 352. Benefits
    (a) Days for which benefits payable; determination of amount
        (a)
        Days for which benefits payable; determination of amount
        (1) 
            (1)
            (A) 
                (A)
                    Payment of Unemployment Benefits.—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                        Generally
                    Except as otherwise provided in this subparagraph, benefits shall be payable to any qualified employee for each day of unemployment in excess of 4 during any registration period within a period of continuing unemployment.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                        Waiting period for first registration period
                    Benefits shall be payable to any qualified employee for each day of unemployment in excess of 7 during that employee’s first registration period in a period of continuing unemployment if such period of continuing unemployment is the employee’s initial period of continuing unemployment commencing in the benefit year.
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                        Strikes.—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                            Initial 14-day waiting period
                        If the Board finds that a qualified employee has a period of continuing unemployment that includes days of unemployment due to a stoppage of work because of a strike in the establishment, premises, or enterprise at which such employee was last employed, no benefits shall be payable for such employee’s first 14 days of unemployment due to such stoppage of work.
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                            Subsequent days of unemployment
                        For subsequent days of unemployment due to the same stoppage of work, benefits shall be payable as provided in clause (i) of this subparagraph.
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                            Subsequent periods of continuing unemployment
                        If such period of continuing unemployment ends by reason of clause (v) but the stoppage of work continues, the waiting period established in clause (ii) shall apply to the employee’s first registration period in a new period of continuing unemployment based upon the same stoppage of work.
                (iv) 
                    (iv)
                        Definition of period of continuing unemployment
                    Except as limited by clause (v), for the purposes of this subparagraph, the term “period of continuing unemployment” means—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        a single registration period that includes more than 4 days of unemployment;
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        a series of consecutive registration periods, each of which includes more than 4 days of unemployment; or
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        a series of successive registration periods, each of which includes more than 4 days of unemployment, if each succeeding registration period begins within 15 days after the last day of the immediately preceding registration period.
                (v) 
                    (v)
                        Special rule regarding end of period
                    For purposes of applying clause (ii), a period of continuing unemployment ends when an employee exhausts rights to unemployment benefits under subsection (c) of this section.
                (vi) 
                    (vi)
                        Limit on amount of benefits
                    No benefits shall be payable to an otherwise eligible employee for any day of unemployment in a registration period where the total amount of the remuneration (as defined in
                        section 351(j) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                    Payment of Sickness Benefits.—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                        Generally
                    Except as otherwise provided in this subparagraph, benefits shall be payable to any qualified employee for each day of sickness after the 4th consecutive day of sickness in a period of continuing sickness but excluding 4 days of sickness in any registration period in such period of continuing sickness.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                        Waiting period for first registration period
                    Benefits shall be payable to any qualified employee for each day of sickness in excess of 7 during that employee’s first registration period in a period of continuing sickness if such period of continuing sickness is the employee’s initial period of continuing sickness commencing in the benefit year. For the purposes of this clause, the first registration period in a period of continuing sickness is that registration period that first begins with 4 consecutive days of sickness and includes more than 4 days of sickness.
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                        Definition of period of continuing sickness
                    For the purposes of this subparagraph, a period of continuing sickness means—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        a period of consecutive days of sickness, whether from 1 or more causes; or
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        a period of successive days of sickness due to a single cause without interruption of more than 90 consecutive days which are not days of sickness.
                (iv) 
                    (iv)
                        Special rule regarding end of period
                    For purposes of applying clause (ii), a period of continuing sickness ends when an employee exhausts rights to sickness benefits under subsection (c) of this section.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The daily benefit rate with respect to any such employee for such day of unemployment or sickness shall be in an amount equal to 60 per centum of the daily rate of compensation for the employee’s last employment in which he engaged for an employer in the base year, but not less than $12.70:
                Provided, however
                June 30, 1975
                July 1, 1976
                June 30, 1976
                July 1, 1988
                June 30, 1988
                July 1, 1989
                June 30, 1989
        (3) 
            (3)
            The maximum daily benefit rate computed by the Board under
                section 362(r)(2) of this title
                section 351(i)(2) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            In computing benefits to be paid, days of unemployment shall not be combined with days of sickness in the same registration period.
        (5) 
            (5)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Notwithstanding paragraph (3), subsection (c)(1)(B), and any other limitation on total benefits in this chapter, for registration periods beginning on or after
                    April 1, 2020
                    July 31, 2020
                    December 26, 2020
                    September 6, 2021
                    July 1, 2019
                    July 1, 2020
                    July 1, 2021
                    April 1, 2020
                    July 31, 2020
                    December 26, 2020
                    September 6, 2021
            (B) 
                (B)
                Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated $425,000,000 to cover the cost of recovery benefits provided under subparagraph (A), to remain available until expended.
    (b) Time of payments
        (b)
        Time of payments
            The benefits provided for in this section shall be paid to an employee at such reasonable intervals as the Board may prescribe.
    (c) Maximum number of days for benefits
        (c)
        Maximum number of days for benefits
        (1) Normal benefits
            (1)
            Normal benefits
            (A) Generally
                (A)
                Generally
                    The maximum number of days of unemployment within a benefit year for which benefits may be paid to an employee shall be 130, and the maximum number of days of sickness within a benefit year for which benefits may be paid to an employee shall be 130.
            (B) Limitation
                (B)
                Limitation
                    The total amount of benefits that may be paid to an employee for days of unemployment within a benefit year shall in no case exceed the employee’s compensation in the base year; and the total amount of benefits that may be paid to an employee for days of sickness within a benefit year shall in no case exceed the employee’s compensation in the base year, except that notwithstanding
                        section 351(i) of this title
                        section 351(i) of this title
        (2) Extended benefits
            (2)
            Extended benefits
            (A) Generally
                (A)
                Generally
                    With respect to an employee who has 10 or more years of service as defined in
                        section 231(f) of this title
            (B) Beginning date
                (B)
                Beginning date
                    An employee’s extended benefit period shall begin on the employee’s first day of unemployment or first day of sickness, as the case may be, following the day on which the employee exhausts the employee’s then current rights to normal benefits for days of unemployment or days of sickness and shall continue for 7 consecutive 14-day periods, each of which shall constitute a registration period, but no such extended benefit period shall extend beyond the beginning of the first registration period in a benefit year in which the employee is again qualified for benefits in accordance with
                        section 353 of this title
            (C) Termination when employee reaches age of 65
                (C)
                Termination when employee reaches age of 65
                    Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, an extended benefit period for sickness benefits shall terminate on the day next preceding the date on which the employee attains age 65, except that it may continue for the purpose of paying benefits for days of unemployment.
            (D) Temporary increase in extended unemployment benefits
                (D)
                Temporary increase in extended unemployment benefits
                (i) Employees with 10 or more years of service
                    (i)
                    Employees with 10 or more years of service
                    Subject to clause (iii), in the case of an employee who has 10 or more years of service (as so defined), with respect to extended unemployment benefits—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting “330 days of unemployment” for “65 days of unemployment”; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        1 
                        subparagraph (B) shall be applied by inserting “(or, in the case of unemployment benefits, 33 consecutive 14-day periods, except that no extended benefit period shall end before 20 consecutive 14-day periods after the date of enactment of the Continued Assistance for Unemployed Workers Act of 2020
                            1
                            1 
                                1
                (ii) Employees with less than 10 years of service
                    (ii)
                    Employees with less than 10 years of service
                    Subject to clause (iii), in the case of an employee who has less than 10 years of service (as so defined), with respect to extended unemployment benefits, this paragraph shall apply to such an employee in the same manner as this paragraph would apply to an employee described in clause (i) if such clause had not been enacted and if—
                    (A) 
                        (A)
                        subparagraph (A) were applied by substituting “265 days of unemployment” for “65 days of unemployment”; and
                    (B) 
                        (B)
                        subparagraph (B) were applied by inserting “(or, in the case of unemployment benefits, 27 consecutive 14-day periods, except that no extended benefit period shall end before 20 consecutive 14-day periods after the date of enactment of the Continued Assistance for Unemployed Workers Act of 2020
                            1
                (iii) Application
                    (iii)
                    Application
                    2 
                        2 
                        The provisions of clauses (i) and (ii) shall apply to an employee who received normal benefits for days of unemployment under this chapter during the period beginning
                            July 1, 2019
                            June 30, 2022
                            September 6, 2021
                            2
                            2 
                                2
                (iv) Treatment of certain calendar days
                    (iv)
                    Treatment of certain calendar days
                        No calendar day occurring during the period beginning on the first date with respect to which the employee has exhausted all rights to extended unemployment benefits under this paragraph as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Continued Assistance for Unemployed Workers Act of 2020
                            1
                (v) Appropriation
                    (v)
                    Appropriation
                        Out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated $20,000,000 to cover the cost of additional extended unemployment benefits provided under this subparagraph, to remain available until expended. In addition to the amount appropriated by the preceding sentence, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated $175,000,000 to cover the cost of additional extended unemployment benefits provided under this subparagraph, to remain available until expended. In addition to the amount appropriated by the preceding two sentences, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated $2,000,000 to cover the cost of additional extended unemployment benefits provided under this subparagraph, to remain available until expended.
        (3) Accelerated benefits
            (3)
            Accelerated benefits
            (A) General rule
                (A)
                General rule
                    With respect to an employee who has 10 or more years of service as defined in
                        section 231(f) of this title
            (B) Exception
                (B)
                Exception
                    In the case of a succeeding benefit year beginning in accordance with subparagraph (A) by reason of sickness, such sentence shall not operate to permit the payment of benefits in the period provided for in such sentence for any day of sickness beginning with the date on which the employee attains age 65, and continuing through the day preceding the first day of the next succeeding general benefit year.
            (C) Determination of age
                (C)
                Determination of age
                    For the purposes of this subsection, the Board may rely on evidence of age available in its records and files at the time determinations of age are made.
    (d) Overpayment of benefits; recovery; liability of officers
        (d)
        Overpayment of benefits; recovery; liability of officers
            If the Board finds that at any time more than the correct amount of benefits has been paid to any individual under this chapter or a payment has been made to an individual not entitled thereto (including payments made prior to
                July 1, 1940
            Adjustments under this subsection may be made either by deductions from subsequent payments or, with respect to payments which are to be made during a lifetime or lifetimes, by subtracting the total amount of benefits paid in excess of the proper amount from the actuarial value, as determined by the Board, of such payments to be made during a lifetime or lifetimes and recertifying such payments on the basis of the reduced actuarial value. In the latter case, recovery shall be deemed to have been completed upon such recertification.
            There shall be no recovery in any case in which more than the correct amount of benefits has been paid to an individual or payment has been made to an individual not entitled thereto (including payments made prior to
                July 1, 1940
            No certifying or disbursing officer shall be held liable for any amount certified or paid by him in good faith to any person where the recovery of such amount is waived under the third paragraph of this subsection or has been begun but cannot be completed under the first paragraph of this subsection.
    (e) Assignment, taxation, garnishment, attachment, etc., of benefits
        (e)
        Assignment, taxation, garnishment, attachment, etc., of benefits
            Notwithstanding any other law of the United States, or of any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia, no benefits shall be assignable or be subject to any tax or to garnishment, attachment, or other legal process under any circumstances whatsoever, nor shall the payment thereof be anticipated.
    (f) Effect of payment of benefits for remunerable period; payment of surplus remuneration to Board
        (f)
        Effect of payment of benefits for remunerable period; payment of surplus remuneration to Board
            If (i) benefits are paid to any employee with respect to unemployment or sickness in any registration period, and it is later determined that remuneration is payable to such employee with respect to any period which includes days in such registration period which had been determined to be days of unemployment or sickness, and (ii) the person or company from which such remuneration is payable has, before payment thereof, notice of the payment of benefits upon the basis of days of unemployment or sickness included in such period, the remuneration so payable shall not be reduced by reason of such benefits but the remuneration so payable, to the extent to which benefits were paid upon the basis of days which had been determined to be days of unemployment or sickness and which are included in the period for which such remuneration is payable, shall be held to be a special fund in trust for the Board. The amount of such special fund shall be paid to the Board and in the collection thereof the Board shall have the same authority, and the same penalties shall apply, as are provided in
                section 358 of this title
    (g) Payment of accrued benefits upon death
        (g)
        Payment of accrued benefits upon death
            Benefits accrued to an individual but not yet paid at death shall, upon certification by the Board, be paid, without necessity of filing further claims therefor, to the same individual or individuals to whom any accrued annuities under
                section 231e(a)(1) of this title
                section 231e(a)(1) of this title
§ 353. Qualifying condition
        An employee shall be a “qualified employee” if the Board finds that his compensation with respect to the base year will have been not less than 2.5 times the monthly compensation base for months in such base year as computed under
            section 351(i) of this title
§ 354. Disqualifying conditions
    (a–1) Day of unemployment or day of sickness
        (a–1)
        Day of unemployment or day of sickness
        There shall not be considered as a day of unemployment, or as a day of sickness, with respect to any employee—
        (i) 
            (i)
            any of the seventy-five days beginning with the first day of any registration period with respect to which the Board finds that he knowingly made or aided in making or caused to be made any false or fraudulent statement or claim for the purpose of causing benefits to be paid;
        (ii) 
            (ii)
            any day in any period with respect to which the Board finds that he is receiving or will have received annuity payments under the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 [
                45 U.S.C. 231
                42 U.S.C. 401
                Provided
                Provided further
        (iii) 
            (iii)
            1 
            if he is paid a separation allowance, any of the days in the period beginning with the day following his separation from service and continuing for that number of consecutive fourteen-day periods which is equal, or most nearly equal, to the amount of the separation allowance divided (i) by ten times his last daily rate of compensation prior to his separation if he normally works five days a week, (ii) by twelve times such rate if he normally works six days a week, and (iii) by fourteen times such rate if he normally works seven days a week;
                1
                1 
                    1
    (a–2) Day of unemployment
        (a–2)
        Day of unemployment
        (i) 
            (i)
            (A) 
                (A)
                subject to the provisions of subdivision (B) hereof, any of the days in the period beginning with the day with respect to which the Board finds that he left work voluntarily, and continuing until he has been paid compensation of not less than $1,500 with respect to time after the beginning of such period and before 1989 or, if any part of such compensation is paid in a calendar year after 1988, not less than an amount that is equal to 2.5 times the monthly compensation base for months in such calendar year, as computed under
                    section 351(i) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                if the Board finds that he left work voluntarily with good cause, the provisions of subdivision (A) shall not apply, with respect to him, to any day in a registration period if such period does not include any day which is in a period for which he could receive benefits under an unemployment compensation law other than this chapter, and he so certifies. Such certification shall, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, be accepted subject to the penalty provisions of
                    section 359(a) of this title
        (ii) 
            (ii)
            any of the thirty days beginning with the day with respect to which the Board finds that he failed, without good cause, to accept suitable work available on such day and offered to him, or to comply with instructions from the Board requiring him to apply for suitable work or to report, in person or by mail as the Board may require, to an employment office;
        (iii) 
            (iii)
            subject to the provisions of subsection (b) of this section, any day with respect to which the Board finds that his unemployment was due to a stoppage of work because of a strike in the establishment, premises, or enterprise at which he was last employed, and the Board finds that such strike was commenced in violation of the provisions of the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
    (b) Participation, interest, or financial assistance in labor dispute
        (b)
        Participation, interest, or financial assistance in labor dispute
        The disqualification provided in subsection (a–2)(iii) of this section shall not apply if the Board finds that—
        (i) 
            (i)
            the employee is not participating in or financing or directly interested in the strike which causes the stoppage of work:
                Provided
        (ii) 
            (ii)
            he does not belong to a grade or class of workers of which, immediately before the commencement of the stoppage, there were members employed in the establishment, premises, or enterprise at which the stoppage occurs, any of whom are participating in or financing or directly interested in the dispute:
                Provided
    (c) Unsuitable work
        (c)
        Unsuitable work
        No work shall be deemed suitable for the purposes of subsection (a–2)(ii) of this section, and benefits shall not be denied under this chapter to any otherwise qualified employee for refusing to accept work if—
        (i) 
            (i)
            the position offered is vacant due directly to a strike, lockout, or other labor dispute;
        (ii) 
            (ii)
            the remuneration, hours, or other conditions of work offered are substantially less favorable to the employee than those prevailing for similar work in the locality, or the rate of remuneration is less than the union wage rate, if any, for similar work in the locality;
        (iii) 
            (iii)
            as a condition of being employed he would be required to join a company union or to resign from or refrain from joining any bona fide labor organization;
        (iv) 
            (iv)
            acceptance of the work would require him to engage in activities in violation of law or which, by reason of their being in violation of reasonable requirements of the constitution, bylaws, or similar regulations of a bona fide labor organization of which he is a member, would subject him to expulsion from such labor organization; or
        (v) 
            (v)
            acceptance of the work would subject him to loss of substantial seniority rights under any collective bargaining agreement between a railway labor organization, organized in accordance with the provisions of the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
    (d) Factors in determination of suitable work
        (d)
        Factors in determination of suitable work
            In determining, within the limitations of subsection (c) of this section, whether or not any work is suitable for an employee for the purposes of subsection (a–2)(ii) of this section, the Board shall consider, in addition to such other factors as it deems relevant, (i) the current practices recognized by management and labor with respect to such work; (ii) the degree of risk involved to such employee’s health, safety, and morals; (iii) his physical fitness and prior training; (iv) his experience and prior earnings; (v) his length of unemployment and prospects for securing work in his customary occupation; and (vi) the distance of the available work from his residence and from his most recent work.
    (e) Voluntarily leaving unsuitable work
        (e)
        Voluntarily leaving unsuitable work
            For the purposes of subsection (a–2)(i) of this section, no voluntary leaving of work shall be deemed to have been without good cause if the Board finds that such work would not have been suitable for the purposes of subsection (a–2)(ii) of this section.
§ 355. Claims for benefits
    (a) Publication of Board’s regulations
        (a)
        Publication of Board’s regulations
            Claims for benefits and appeals from determinations with respect thereto shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Board shall prescribe. Each employer shall post and maintain, in places readily accessible to employees in his service, such printed statements concerning such regulations as the Board supplies to him for such purpose, and shall keep available to his employees copies of such printed statements. Such printed statements shall be supplied by the Board to each employer without cost to him.
    (b) Findings, hearings, investigations, etc., by Board
        (b)
        Findings, hearings, investigations, etc., by Board
            The Board is authorized and directed to make findings of fact with respect to any claim for benefits and to make decisions as to the right of any claimant to benefits. The Board is further authorized to hold such hearings, to conduct such investigations and other proceedings, and to establish, by regulations or otherwise, such procedures as it may deem necessary or proper for the determination of a right to benefits. When a claim for benefits is filed with the Board, the Board shall provide notice of such claim to the claimant’s base-year employer or employers and afford such employer or employers an opportunity to submit information relevant to the claim before making an initial determination on the claim. When the Board initially determines to pay benefits to a claimant under this chapter, the Board shall provide notice of such determination to the claimant’s base-year employer or employers.
    (c) Hearing and review of decisions on claims
        (c)
        Hearing and review of decisions on claims
        (1) 
            (1)
            Each qualified employee whose claim for benefits has been denied in whole or in part upon an initial determination with respect thereto upon a basis other than one which is reviewable pursuant to one of the succeeding paragraphs of this subsection, shall be granted an opportunity for a fair hearing thereon before a referee or such other reviewing body as the Board may establish or assign thereto. In any such case the Board or the person or reviewing body so established or assigned shall, by publication or otherwise, notify all parties properly interested of their right to participate in the hearing and of the time and place of the hearing.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Any claimant whose claim for benefits has been denied in an initial determination with respect thereto upon the basis of his not being a qualified employee, and any claimant who contends that under an initial determination of his claim he has been awarded benefits at less than the proper rate, may appeal to the Board for the review of such determination. Thereupon the Board shall review the determination and for such review may designate one of its officers or employees to receive evidence and to report to the Board thereon together with recommendations. In any such case the Board or the person so designated shall, by publication or otherwise, notify all parties properly interested of their right to participate in the proceeding and, if a hearing is to be held, of the time and place of the hearing. At the request of any party properly interested the Board shall provide for a hearing, and may provide for a hearing on its own motion. The Board shall prescribe regulations governing the appeals provided for in this paragraph and for decisions upon such appeal.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Any base-year employer of a claimant whose claim for benefits has been granted in whole or in part, either in an initial determination with respect thereto or in a determination after a hearing pursuant to paragraph (1), and who contends that the determination is erroneous for a reason or reasons other than a reason that is reviewable under paragraph (4), may appeal to the Board for review of such determination. Despite such an appeal, the benefits awarded shall be paid to such claimant, subject to recovery by the Board if and to the extent found on the appeal to have been erroneously awarded. The Board shall take such action as is appropriate to recover the amount of such benefits including if feasible adjustment in subsequent payments pursuant to the first two paragraphs of
                section 352(d) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            In any case in which benefits are awarded to a claimant in whole or in part upon the basis of pay earned in the service of a person or company found by the Board to be an employer as defined in this chapter but which denies that it is such an employer, such benefits awarded on such basis shall be paid to such claimant subject to a right of recovery of such benefits. The Board shall thereupon designate one of its officers or employees to receive evidence and to report to the Board on whether such benefits should be repaid. The Board may also designate one of its officers or employees to receive evidence and report to the Board whether or not any person or company is entitled to a refund of contributions or should be required to pay contributions under this chapter, regardless of whether or not any claims for benefits will have been filed upon the basis of service in the employ of such person or company, and shall follow such procedure if contributions are assessed and payment is refused or payment is made and a refund claimed upon the basis that such person or company is or will not have been liable for such contributions. In any such case the Board or the person so designated shall, by publication or otherwise, notify all parties properly interested of their right to participate in the proceeding and, if a hearing is to be held, of the time and place of the hearing. At the request of any party properly interested the Board shall provide for a hearing, and may provide for a hearing on its own motion. The Board shall prescribe regulations governing the proceedings provided for in this paragraph and for decisions upon such proceedings.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Final decision of the Board in the cases provided for in the preceding three paragraphs shall be communicated to the claimant and to the other interested parties within fifteen days after it is made. Any properly interested party notified, as hereinabove provided, of his right to participate in the proceedings may obtain a review of any such decision by which he claims to be aggrieved or the determination of any issue therein in the manner provided in subsection (f) of this section with respect to the review of the Board’s decisions upon claims for benefits and subject to all provisions of law applicable to the review of such decisions. Subject only to such review, the decision of the Board upon all issues determined in such decision shall be final and conclusive for all purposes and shall conclusively establish all rights and obligations, arising under this chapter, of every party notified as hereinabove provided of his right to participate in the proceedings.
        (6) 
            (6)
            For purposes of this subsection and subsections (d) and (f), any base-year employer of the claimant is a properly interested party.
        (7) 
            (7)
            Any issue determinable pursuant to this subsection and subsection (f) of this section shall not be determined in any manner other than pursuant to this subsection and subsection (f).
    (d) Decisions of reviewing bodies; review and finality
        (d)
        Decisions of reviewing bodies; review and finality
            The Board shall prescribe regulations governing the filing of cases with and the decision of cases by reviewing bodies, and the review of such decisions. The Board may provide for intermediate reviews of such decisions by such bodies as the Board may establish or assign thereto. The Board may (i) on its own motion review a decision of an intermediate reviewing body on the basis of the evidence previously submitted in such case, and may direct the taking of additional evidence, or (ii) permit such parties as it finds properly interested in the proceedings to take appeals to the Board. Unless a review or an appeal is had pursuant to this subsection, the decision of an intermediate reviewing body shall, subject to such regulations as the Board may prescribe, be deemed to be the final decision of the Board.
    (e) Application of rules of evidence in law and equity; notice of findings
        (e)
        Application of rules of evidence in law and equity; notice of findings
            In any proceeding other than a court proceeding, the rules of evidence prevailing in courts of law or equity shall not be controlling, but a full and complete record shall be kept of all proceedings and testimony, and the Board’s final determination, together with its findings of fact and conclusions of law in connection therewith, shall be communicated to the parties within fifteen days after the date of such final determination.
    (f) Review of final decision of Board by Courts of Appeals; costs
        (f)
        Review of final decision of Board by Courts of Appeals; costs
            Any claimant, or any railway labor organization organized in accordance with the provisions of the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
                section 2112 of title 28
            An applicant for review of a final decision of the Board concerning a claim for benefits shall not be liable for costs, including costs of serv­ice, or costs of printing records, except that costs may be assessed by the court against such applicant if the court determines that the proceedings for such review have been instituted or continued without reasonable ground.
    (g) Finality of Board decisions
        (g)
        Finality of Board decisions
            Findings of fact and conclusions of law of the Board in the determination of any claim for benefits or refund, the determination of any other matter pursuant to subsection (c) of this section, and the determination of the Board that the unexpended funds in the account are available for the payment of any claim for benefits or refund under this chapter, shall be, except as provided in subsection (f) of this section, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons, including the Comptroller General and any other administrative or accounting officer, employee, or agent of the United States, and shall not be subject to review in any manner other than that set forth in subsection (f) of this section.
    (h) Benefits payable prior to final decision of Board
        (h)
        Benefits payable prior to final decision of Board
            Except as may be otherwise prescribed by regulations of the Board, benefits payable with respect to any period prior to the date of a final decision of the Board with respect to a claim therefor, shall be paid only after such final decision.
    (i) Fees for presenting claims; penalties
        (i)
        Fees for presenting claims; penalties
            No claimant or other properly interested person claiming benefits shall be charged fees of any kind by the Board, its employees or representatives, with respect to such claim. Any such claimant or other properly interested person may be represented by counsel or other duly authorized agent, in any proceeding before the Board or its representatives or a court, but no such counsel or agent for a claimant shall either charge or receive for such services more than an amount approved by the Board or by the court before whom the proceedings of the Board are reviewed. Any person who violates any provision of this subsection shall be punished by a fine of not more than $10,000 or by imprisonment not exceeding one year.
§ 355a. Acceptance of claims for benefits
        Whenever there is duly tendered to the Board, by any person, any claim for unemployment compensation pursuant to the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
            45 U.S.C. 351
§ 356. Returns of compensation; conclusiveness; failure to make
        Employers shall file with the Board, in such manner and at such times as the Board by regulations may prescribe, returns of compensation of employees, and, if the Board shall so require, shall distribute to employees annual statements of compensation:
            Provided
§ 357. Free transportation
        It shall not be unlawful for carriers to furnish free transportation to employees qualified for benefits or serving waiting periods under this chapter.
§ 358. Contributions
    (a) Employer contribution
        (a)
        Employer contribution
        (1) In general
            (1)
            In general
            (A) General rule
                (A)
                General rule
                (i) Contribution rate generally
                    (i)
                    Contribution rate generally
                        Every employer shall pay a contribution, with respect to having employees in his service, equal to the percentage determined under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D), whichever is applicable, of so much of the compensation paid in any calendar month by such employer to any employee as is not in excess of the monthly compensation base for that month as computed under
                            section 351(i) of this title
                (ii) Multiple employer limitation
                    (ii)
                    Multiple employer limitation
                    If compensation is paid to an employee by more than one employer in any calendar month—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the contributions required by this subsection shall not apply to any amount of the aggregate compensation paid to such employee by all such employers in such calendar month which is in excess of such monthly compensation base; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        each employer (other than a subordinate unit of a national-railway-labor-organization employer) shall be liable for that portion of the contribution with respect to such compensation paid by all such employers which the compensation paid by him to such employee bears to the total compensation paid in such month by all such employers to such employee.
                In the event that the compensation paid by such employers to the employee in such month is less than such monthly compensation base, each subordinate unit of a national-railway-labor-organization employer shall be liable for such portion of any additional contribution as the compensation paid by such employer to such employee in such month bears to the total compensation paid by all such employers to such employee in such month.
            (B) Transitional rule
                (B)
                Transitional rule
                (i) 1st, 2d, and 3d calendar years
                    (i)
                    1st, 2d, and 3d calendar years
                        Except as provided in clause (vi), with respect to compensation paid in calendar years 1988, 1989, and 1990, the contribution rate shall be 8 percent.
                (ii) 4th calendar year
                    (ii)
                    4th calendar year
                    With respect to compensation paid in calendar year 1991, the contribution rate shall be the smaller of—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the maximum contribution limit computed under paragraph (20); or
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the percentage computed pursuant to the following formula:
                                            2A+B
                                            R=
                                            ———
                                            3
                (iii) 5th calendar year
                    (iii)
                    5th calendar year
                    With respect to compensation paid in calendar year 1992, the contribution rate shall be the smaller of—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the maximum contribution limit computed under paragraph (20); or
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the percentage computed pursuant to the following formula:
                                            A+2C
                                            R=
                                            ———
                                            3
                (iv) Meaning of symbols
                    (iv)
                    Meaning of symbols
                    For purposes of the formulas in clauses (ii) and (iii)—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        “R” is the applicable contribution rate expressed as a percentage for months in the calendar year;
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        “A” is the contribution rate determined under clause (i);
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        “B” is the percentage rate for the employer, as determined under subparagraph (C), for calendar year 1991; and
                    (IV) 
                        (IV)
                        “C” is the percentage rate for the employer, as determined under subparagraph (C), for calendar year 1992.
                (v) Special rule for certain computations
                    (v)
                    Special rule for certain computations
                    For purposes of computing B and C in such formulas—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the percentage rate computed under subparagraph (C), if more than the maximum contribution limit computed under paragraph (20) shall not be reduced to that limit; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        any computations which under subparagraph (C) are to be made on the basis of a 4-quarter or a 12-quarter period ending on a given June 30 shall be made on the basis of a period beginning on
                            January 1, 1990
                (vi) Special transition rule for public commuter railroads
                    (vi)
                    Special transition rule for public commuter railroads
                        With respect to each of calendar years 1989 and 1990, the contribution of the National Railroad Passenger Corporation and an employer which on
                            November 10, 1988
            (C) Experience-rated contributions
                (C)
                Experience-rated contributions
                With respect to compensation paid in a calendar year that begins after
                    December 31, 1992
                (i) Step 1
                    (i)
                    Step 1
                        Compute the employer’s benefit ratio as of the preceding June 30 to 4 decimal points in accordance with paragraph (2).
                (ii) Step 2
                    (ii)
                    Step 2
                        Subtract the employer’s reserve ratio as of the preceding June 30 as computed to 4 decimal points in accordance with paragraph (4).
                (iii) Step 3
                    (iii)
                    Step 3
                        Subtract the pooled credit ratio for the calendar year, if any, as computed to 4 decimal points in accordance with paragraph (12).
                (iv) Step 4
                    (iv)
                    Step 4
                        Multiply by 100 the total arrived at under the steps set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) so as to obtain a percentage rate, which shall be rounded to the nearest 100th of 1 percent. If the total arrived at under such steps is 0 or less than 0, the percentage rate as so computed shall be 0.
                (v) Step 5
                    (v)
                    Step 5
                        Add 0.65 to the percentage rate arrived at under clause (iv), representing the portion of the employer’s contribution which is to be deposited to the credit of the fund under subsection (i).
                (vi) Step 6
                    (vi)
                    Step 6
                        Add the surcharge rate for the calendar year, if any, as computed under paragraph (14).
                (vii) Step 7
                    (vii)
                    Step 7
                        Add the pooled charge ratio for the calendar year, if any, as computed to 4 decimal points under paragraph (13) and multiplied by 100.
                (viii) Step 8
                    (viii)
                    Step 8
                    1 
                        1 
                        Reduce the precentage
                            1
                            1 
                                1
            (D) New-employer contribution rates
                (D)
                New-employer contribution rates
                Notwithstanding subparagraphs (B) and (C), the contribution rate applicable to a new employer who does not become subject to this chapter until after
                    December 31, 1989
                (i) 1st calendar year
                    (i)
                    1st calendar year
                    With respect to compensation paid in calendar months before the end of the first full calendar year in which the employer is subject to this chapter, the contribution rate shall be the average contribution rate paid by all employers during the 3 calendar years preceding the calendar year before the calendar year in which the compensation is paid. The average contribution rate shall be determined—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        by dividing the aggregate contributions paid by all employers under this subsection in those 3 calendar years by the aggregate compensation with respect to which such contributions were paid; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        by multiplying the resulting ratio as computed to 4 decimal points by 100.
                (ii) 2d calendar year
                    (ii)
                    2d calendar year
                    With respect to compensation paid in calendar months in the next calendar year, the contribution rate shall be the smaller of—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the maximum contribution limit computed under paragraph (20); or
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the percentage rate computed pursuant to the following formula:
                                            2(A2)+B
                                            R=
                                            A
                                            ————
                                            
                                            3
                (iii) 3d calendar year
                    (iii)
                    3d calendar year
                    With respect to compensation paid in calendar months in the third full calendar year in which the employer is subject to the coverage of this chapter, the contribution rate shall be the smaller of—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the maximum contribution limit computed under paragraph (20); or
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the percentage rate computed pursuant to the following formula:
                                            A3+2C
                                            R=
                                            ———
                                            3
                (iv) Subsequent calendar years
                    (iv)
                    Subsequent calendar years
                        With respect to all calendar months in calendar years subsequent to that calendar year, the contribution rate shall be determined under subparagraph (C).
                (v) Meaning of symbols
                    (v)
                    Meaning of symbols
                    For purposes of the formulas in clauses (ii) and (iii)—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        “R” is the applicable contribution rate expressed as a percentage for months in the calendar year;
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        “A1” is the contribution rate determined under clause (i) for such employer’s first full calendar year;
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        “A2” is the contribution rate which would have been determined under clause (i) if the employer’s second calendar year had been its first full calendar year;
                    (IV) 
                        (IV)
                        “A3” is the contribution rate which would have been determined under clause (i) if the employer’s third calendar year had been such employer’s first full calendar year;
                    (V) 
                        (V)
                        “B” is the contribution rate for the employer as determined under subparagraph (C) for the employer’s second full calendar year; and
                    (VI) 
                        (VI)
                        “C” is the contribution rate for the employer as determined under subparagraph (C) for the employer’s third full calendar year.
                (vi) Special rule for certain computations
                    (vi)
                    Special rule for certain computations
                    For purposes of computing B and C in such formulas—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the percentage rate computed under subparagraph (C), shall not be reduced under clause (viii) of that subparagraph; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        any computations which under subparagraph (C) are to be made on the basis of a 4-quarter or 12-quarter period ending on a given June 30 shall be made on the basis of a period commencing with the first day of the first calendar quarter that begins after the date on which the employer first commenced paying compensation subject to this chapter and ending on that June 30, and the amount so computed shall be increased to an amount that bears the same ratio to the amount so computed as 4 or 12, as appropriate, bears to the number of calendar quarters in the period on which the computation was based.
        (2) Benefit ratio
            (2)
            Benefit ratio
                An employer’s benefit ratio as of any given June 30 shall be determined by dividing all benefits charged to the employer under paragraph (15) during the 12 calendar quarters ending on such June 30 by the employer’s 3-year compensation base as of such June 30 as computed under paragraph (3).
        (3) 3-year compensation base
            (3)
            3-year compensation base
                An employer’s 3-year compensation base as of any given June 30 is the aggregate compensation with respect to which contributions were paid by the employer under this subsection in the 12 calendar quarters ending on such June 30.
        (4) Reserve ratio
            (4)
            Reserve ratio
                An employer’s reserve ratio as of any given June 30 shall be computed by dividing the employer’s reserve balance as of such June 30, as computed under paragraph (6), by that employer’s 1-year compensation base as of such June 30, as computed under paragraph (5). The employer’s reserve ratio may be either a positive or a negative figure, depending upon whether the employer’s reserve balance is a positive or negative figure.
        (5) 1-year compensation base
            (5)
            1-year compensation base
                An employer’s 1-year compensation base as of any given June 30 is the aggregate compensation with respect to which contributions were paid by the employer under this subsection in the 4 calendar quarters ending on such June 30.
        (6) Reserve balance
            (6)
            Reserve balance
                An employer’s reserve balance as of any given June 30 shall be determined by subtracting the employer’s cumulative benefit balance as of such June 30, computed under paragraph (7), from the employer’s net cumulative contribution balance as of such June 30, computed under paragraph (8). An employer’s reserve balance may be either positive or negative, depending upon whether or not that employer’s net cumulative contribution balance exceeds the employer’s cumulative benefit balance.
        (7) Cumulative benefit balance
            (7)
            Cumulative benefit balance
            An employer’s cumulative benefit balance as of any given June 30 shall be determined by adding—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the net amount of the benefits charged to the employer under paragraph (15) on or after
                    January 1, 1990
            (B) 
                (B)
                the cumulative amount of the employer’s unallocated charges for the same period, if any, as computed under paragraph (9).
        (8) Net cumulative contribution balance
            (8)
            Net cumulative contribution balance
            An employer’s net cumulative contribution balance as of any given June 30 shall be determined as follows:
            (A) Step 1
                (A)
                Step 1
                Compute the sum of
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    all contributions paid by the employer pursuant to this subsection;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    2 
                    that portion of the tax imposed under
                        section 3321(a) of title 26
                        2
                        2 
                            2
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    any taxes paid by the employer pursuant to
                        section 3321(a) of title 26
                        section 360(d) of this title
                        October 1, 1985
                on or after
                    January 1, 1990
            (B) Step 2
                (B)
                Step 2
                    Subtract an amount equal to the amount of such contributions deposited to the credit of the fund under subsection (i).
            (C) Step 3
                (C)
                Step 3
                    Add an amount equal to the aggregate amount by which such contributions were reduced in prior calendar years as a result of pooled credits, if any, under paragraph (1)(C)(iii).
        (9) Unallocated charge
            (9)
            Unallocated charge
                An employer’s unallocated charge as of any given June 30 is the amount that as of such June 30 bears the same ratio to the system unallocated charge balance, computed under paragraph (10), as the employer’s 1-year compensation base, computed under paragraph (5), bears to the system compensation base computed under paragraph (11).
        (10) System unallocated charge balance
            (10)
            System unallocated charge balance
            The system unallocated charge balance as of any given June 30 shall be determined as follows:
            (A) Step 1
                (A)
                Step 1
                    Compute the aggregate amount of all interest paid by the account on loans from the Railroad Retirement Account after
                        September 30, 1985
                        section 360(d) of this title
            (B) Step 2
                (B)
                Step 2
                    Add the aggregate amount of any additions to the system unallocated charge balance specified in paragraphs (15) and (16), during that period.
            (C) Step 3
                (C)
                Step 3
                    Add the aggregate amount of any other expenditures by the account during that period not chargeable to any individual employer under paragraph (15) or to the fund under
                        section 361 of this title
            (D) Step 4
                (D)
                Step 4
                    Subtract the aggregate amount of all income to the account, under
                        section 360(a)(iv) of this title
                        section 360(a)(vii) of this title
            (E) Step 5
                (E)
                Step 5
                    Subtract the aggregate amount of all transfers to the account, pursuant to
                        section 361(d) of this title
            (F) Step 6
                (F)
                Step 6
                    Subtract the aggregate amount of all other income and receipts of the account, during that period, which are not assigned to individual employer balances.
            (G) Step 7
                (G)
                Step 7
                    Subtract the net cumulative contribution balance of each employer whose balance has been cancelled pursuant to paragraph (16), during that period, calculated as of the date of such cancellation.
        (11) System compensation base
            (11)
            System compensation base
                The system compensation base as of any given June 30 shall be determined by adding together the amounts of the 1-year compensation bases of all employers and employee representatives subject to this chapter, computed in accordance with paragraph (5), as of such June 30.
        (12) Pooled credit ratio
            (12)
            Pooled credit ratio
            The pooled credit ratio, if any, for a calendar year shall be determined as follows:
            (A) Step 1
                (A)
                Step 1
                    Compute the balance to the credit of the account as of the close of business on the preceding June 30, including any amounts in the account attributable to loans made under
                        section 360(d) of this title
                        October 1, 1985
                        June 30, 1991
            (B) Step 2
                (B)
                Step 2
                    If there is such an excess amount, divide that excess amount by the system compensation base as of the June 30 preceding the calendar year. The result is the pooled credit ratio for the calendar year.
        (13) Pooled charge ratio
            (13)
            Pooled charge ratio
            The pooled charge ratio, if any, for a calendar year shall be determined as follows:
            (A) Step 1
                (A)
                Step 1
                With respect to each employer whose contribution rate for that calendar year as computed through step 6 under paragraph (1)(C) was greater than the maximum contribution limit computed under paragraph (20), multiply the employer’s 1-year compensation base as of the preceding June 30, as computed in accordance with paragraph (5), by the difference between—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    the percentage rate determined under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (1) before the reduction to the maximum contribution limit; and
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    the maximum contribution limit.
            (B) Step 2
                (B)
                Step 2
                    Add the amounts arrived at under step 1 so as to obtain an aggregate amount for all such employers.
            (C) Step 3
                (C)
                Step 3
                    For each employer whose contribution rate as computed through step 3 under paragraph (1)(C) was less than 0, the percentage rate by which such employer’s rate was raised in order to bring that rate to 0 shall be multiplied by that employer’s 1-year compensation base as of the preceding June 30. Subtract the total of the amounts computed under the preceding sentence for all employers from the amount arrived at in step 2.
            (D) Step 4
                (D)
                Step 4
                    Divide the aggregate amount arrived at under step 3 by the system compensation base as of the preceding June 30 as computed under paragraph (11) minus the one-year compensation base of those employers whose rates computed through step 6 of paragraph (1)(C) exceeded the maximum contribution rate computed under paragraph (20). The result is the pooled charge ratio for the calendar year.
        (14) Surcharge rate
            (14)
            Surcharge rate
            The surcharge rate for a calendar year, if any, shall be determined as follows:
            (A) Step 1
                (A)
                Step 1
                    Compute the balance to the credit of the account as of the close of business on the preceding June 30, including any amounts in the account attributable to loans made under
                        section 360(d) of this title
                        October 1, 1985
                        June 30, 1991
            (B) Step 2
                (B)
                Step 2
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    If the balance to the credit of the account is less than the greater of the amounts referred to in the 2nd sentence of step 1 but is equal to or more than the greater of $50,000,000 or of the amount that bears the same ratio to $50,000,000 as the system compensation base as of that June 30 bears to the system compensation base as of
                        June 30, 1991
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    If the balance to the credit of the account is less than the greater of the amounts referred to in the clause (i), but greater than or equal to zero, then the surcharge rate for the calendar year shall be 2.5 percent.
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    If the balance to the credit of the account is less than zero, the surcharge rate for the calendar year shall be 3.5 percent.
        (15) Chargeable benefits
            (15)
            Chargeable benefits
            (A) In general
                (A)
                In general
                    Beginning
                        January 1, 1990
            (B) Adjustments
                (B)
                Adjustments
                    A sum equal to each amount realized in recovery for overpayment, erroneous payment, or reimbursement of benefits and credited to the account pursuant to section 360(a)(v) or 360(a)(viii) of this title shall be subtracted from the cumulative benefit balances of the employers of the employees to whom such an amount was paid as a benefit in the proportion to the amount by which each such employer’s cumulative benefit balance was increased as a result of the payment of the benefit.
            (C) Multiple employers
                (C)
                Multiple employers
                (i) In general
                    (i)
                    In general
                    All benefits paid to an employee who had more than 1 base-year employer shall be charged to the cumulative benefit balances of the employee’s base year employers—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        in reverse chronological order of the employee’s employment with each such employer in the base year if the employer at the time of the claim was the last base year employer, and the amount charged to each employer shall not exceed the compensation paid by that employer to the employee in the base year; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        in all other cases, in the same ratio as the compensation paid to such employee by the employer bears to the total of such compensation paid to such employees by all such employers in the base year.
                (ii) Special rule for employer with cancelled balances
                    (ii)
                    Special rule for employer with cancelled balances
                        All benefits chargeable under this subparagraph to an employer for which the Board has cancelled balances under paragraph (16) shall be added to the system unallocated charge balance.
        (16) Defunct employer
            (16)
            Defunct employer
                Whenever the Board determines, pursuant to such regulations as the Board may prescribe, that an employer has permanently ceased to pay compensation with respect to which contributions are payable pursuant to this subsection, the Board shall, effective on the date of the Board’s determination, transfer the employer’s net cumulative contribution balance as a subtraction from, and cumulative benefit balance as an addition to, the system unallocated charge balance and cancel all other accumulations of the employer.
        (17) Individual employer record
            (17)
            Individual employer record
            (A) In general
                (A)
                In general
                    As of
                        January 1, 1990
            (B) Definition
                (B)
                Definition
                    As used in this paragraph, the term “individual employer record” means a record of an individual employer’s benefit ratio, reserve ratio, 1-year compensation base, 3-year compensation base, unallocated charge, reserve balance, net cumulative contribution balance, and cumulative benefit balance.
        (18) Joint employer records
            (18)
            Joint employer records
                Pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Board, the Board may allow 2 or more employers, upon application, to establish and maintain, or to discontinue, a joint individual employer record for such employers as though such joint record constituted a single employer’s individual employer record.
        (19) Mergers, consolidations, or other changes in employer identity
            (19)
            Mergers, consolidations, or other changes in employer identity
            (A) With other employers
                (A)
                With other employers
                    In the event of a merger, consolidation, unification, or reorganization in which an employer combines with another employer and the combination entails no partitioning of the property of the employer, the individual employer records of the 2 employers shall be combined into a joint individual employer record if the parties request such joint treatment pursuant to paragraph (18) or if the Board otherwise determines, pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Board, that such joint treatment is desirable.
            (B) With nonemployers
                (B)
                With nonemployers
                    In the event of a merger, consolidation, unification, or reorganization in which an employer combines with another entity that is not an employer, the employer’s individual employer record shall attach to the combined entity.
            (C) Sale of assets
                (C)
                Sale of assets
                    In the event property of an employer is sold or transferred to another employer or other entity, or is partitioned among 2 or more employers or entities, the cumulative benefit balance, net cumulative contribution balance, 1-year compensation base, and 3-year compensation base of the employer shall be prorated among the employers which receive the property, including any entities which become employers by virtue of such transfer or partition, in such equitable manner as the Board by regulation shall prescribe.
            (D) Reincorporation
                (D)
                Reincorporation
                    The cumulative benefit balance, net cumulative contribution balance, 1-year compensation base, and 3-year compensation base of an employer that reincorporates or otherwise alters its corporate identity in a transaction not involving a merger, consolidation, or unification shall attach to the reincorporated or altered entity.
            (E) Abandonment
                (E)
                Abandonment
                    If an employer abandons property or discontinues service but continues to operate as an employer, the employer’s individual employer record shall continue to be calculated as provided in this subsection without retroactive adjustment.
        (20) Maximum contribution limit
            (20)
            Maximum contribution limit
                The maximum contribution limit with respect to a calendar year is 12 percent, unless a 3.5 percent surcharge under paragraph (14) is in effect with respect to that calendar year. If such a surcharge is in effect the maximum contribution limit with respect to that calendar year is 12.5 percent.
        (21) Special rules for certain computations under paragraph (1)(C)
            (21)
            Special rules for certain computations under paragraph (1)(C)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Any computation that is to be made under paragraph (1)(C) on the basis of a 12-quarter period ending on a given June 30 shall be made on the basis of a period—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    beginning on the later of—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                            January 1, 1990
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the first day of the first calendar quarter that begins after the date on which the employer first began to pay compensation subject to this chapter; or
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        July 1 of the third calendar year preceding that June 30; and
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    ending on that June 30.
            (B) 
                (B)
                The amount computed under subparagraph (A) shall be increased to an amount that bears the same ratio to the amount so computed as 12 bears to the number of calendar quarters on which the computation is based.
    (b) Employee representative contribution
        (b)
        Employee representative contribution
            Each employee representative shall pay a contribution with respect to so much of the compensation paid to him for services performed as an employee representative as is not in excess of the monthly compensation base computed in accordance with
                section 351(i) of this title
    (c) Board proclamation of balance
        (c)
        Board proclamation of balance
        (1) In general
            (1)
            In general
            Not later than
                October 15, 1990
            (A) 
                (A)
                the balance to the credit of the account as of the preceding June 30 for purposes of paragraphs (12) and (14) of subsection (a);
            (B) 
                (B)
                the balance of any advances to the account under
                    section 360(d) of this title
                    September 30, 1985
            (C) 
                (C)
                the system compensation base as of that June 30 as computed in accordance with paragraph (11) of that subsection;
            (D) 
                (D)
                the system unallocated charge balance as of that June 30, as computed in accordance with paragraph (10) of that subsection; and
            (E) 
                (E)
                the pooled credit ratio, the pooled charge ratio, and the surcharge rate, if any, as determined under paragraph (12), (13), or (14) of that subsection and applicable in the following calendar year.
        (2) Publication of notice
            (2)
            Publication of notice
                As soon as is practicable after such proclamation, the Board shall publish notice in the Federal Register of the amounts so determined and proclaimed.
    (d) Notifications by Board
        (d)
        Notifications by Board
        (1) 
            (1)
            Not later than the last day of any calendar quarter that begins after
                March 31, 1990
        (2) 
            (2)
            Not later than
                October 15, 1990
    (e) Information to verify accuracy to be made available
        (e)
        Information to verify accuracy to be made available
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon request by an employer or employee representative, the Board shall make available to such employer or employee representative any information available to the Board which may be necessary to verify the accuracy of a contribution rate determined by the Board to be applicable to such employer or employee representative, or of any component of that contribution rate including the accuracy of the employer’s individual employer record, upon payment by such employer or employee representative to the Board of the cost incurred by the Board in making such information available. The amounts so paid to the Board shall be credited to and deposited in the fund.
    (f) Fractional parts of a cent
        (f)
        Fractional parts of a cent
            In the payment of any contribution under this chapter, a fractional part of a cent shall be disregarded unless it amounts to one-half cent or more, in which case it shall be increased to one cent.
    (g) Adjustments for improper payments
        (g)
        Adjustments for improper payments
            If more or less than the correct amount of the contribution required by this section is paid with respect to any compensation, then, under regulations prescribed under this chapter by the Board, proper adjustments with respect to the contribution shall be made, without interest, in connection with subsequent contribution payments made under this chapter by the same employer or employee representative.
    (h) Refunding overpayment; collecting underpayment
        (h)
        Refunding overpayment; collecting underpayment
            If more or less than the correct amount of the contribution required by this section is paid with respect to any compensation and the overpayment or underpayment of the contribution cannot be adjusted under subsection (d) of this section, the amount of the overpayment shall be refunded from the account, or the amount of the underpayment shall be collected, in such manner and at such times (subject to the statute of limitations properly applicable thereto) as may be prescribed by regulations of the Board.
    (i) Collection and deposit of contributions
        (i)
        Collection and deposit of contributions
            The contributions required by this chapter shall be collected by the Board and shall be deposited by it with the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, such part thereof as equals 0.65 per centum of the total compensation on which such contributions are based to be deposited to the credit of the fund and the balance to be deposited to the credit of the account.
    (j) Time for payment; failure to pay promptly
        (j)
        Time for payment; failure to pay promptly
            The contributions required by this chapter shall be collected and paid quarterly or at such other times and in such manner and under such conditions not inconsistent with this chapter as may be prescribed by regulations of the Board, and shall not be deducted, in whole or in part, from the compensation of employees in the employer’s employ. If a contribution required by this chapter is not paid when due, there shall be added to the amount payable (except in the case of adjustments made in accordance with the provisions of this chapter) interest at the rate of 1 per centum per month or fraction of a month from the date the contribution became due until paid. Any interest collected pursuant to this subsection shall be credited to the account.
    (k) Application of other laws; authority of Board
        (k)
        Application of other laws; authority of Board
            All provisions of law, including penalties, applicable with respect to any tax imposed by the provisions of the Railroad Retirement Tax Act [
                26 U.S.C. 3201
                Provided
§ 359. Penalties
    (a) Failure to make report or furnish information; false or fraudulent statement or claim
        (a)
        Failure to make report or furnish information; false or fraudulent statement or claim
            Any officer or agent of an employer, or any employee representative, or any employee acting in his own behalf, or any person whether or not of the character hereinbefore defined, who shall willfully fail or refuse to make any report or furnish any information required by the Board in the administration of this chapter, or who shall knowingly make or aid in making or cause to be made any false or fraudulent statement or report when a statement or report is required to be made for the purposes of this chapter, or who shall knowingly make or aid in making or cause to be made any false or fraudulent statement or claim for the purpose of causing benefits or other payment to be made or not to be made under this chapter, shall be punished by a fine of not more than $10,000 or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both.
    (b) Agreement by employee to bear employer’s contribution
        (b)
        Agreement by employee to bear employer’s contribution
            Any agreement by an employee to pay all or any portion of the contribution required of his employer under this chapter shall be void, and it shall be unlawful for any employer, or officer or agent of an employer, to make, require, or permit any employee to bear all or any portion of such contribution. Any employer, or officer or agent of an employer, who violates any provision of this subsection shall be punished for each such violation by a fine of not more than $10,000 or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both.
    (c) Punishments not specifically provided
        (c)
        Punishments not specifically provided
            Any person who violates any provision of this chapter, the punishment for which is not otherwise provided, shall be punished for each such violation by a fine of not more than $1,000 or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both.
    (d) Payment and disposition of fines or penalties
        (d)
        Payment and disposition of fines or penalties
            All fines and penalties imposed by a court pursuant to this chapter shall be paid to the court and be remitted from time to time by order of the judge to the Treasury of the United States to be credited to the account.
§ 360. Railroad unemployment insurance account
    (a) Funds constituting account; availability for benefits or refunds
        (a)
        Funds constituting account; availability for benefits or refunds
        1 
            1 
            The Secretary of the Treasury shall maintain in the unemployment trust fund established pursuant to
                section 1104 of title 42
                section 358 of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 364 of this title
                section 1104(e) of title 42
                section 361 of this title
                section 362(g) of this title
    (b) Payment of benefits or refunds
        (b)
        Payment of benefits or refunds
            All moneys in the account shall be used solely for the payment of the benefits and refunds provided for by this chapter. The Board shall, from time to time, certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the name and address of each person or company entitled to receive benefits or a refund payment under this chapter, the amount of such payment, and the time at which it shall be made. Prior to audit or settlement by the Government Accountability Office, the Secretary of the Treasury, through the Fiscal Service of the Treasury Department, shall make payments from the account directly to such person or company of the amount of benefits or refund so certified by the Board:
                Provided, however
    (c) Annual report to Congress
        (c)
        Annual report to Congress
            The Board shall include in its annual report to Congress a statement with respect to the status and operation of the account.
    (d) Transfer and retransfer of funds; interest
        (d)
        Transfer and retransfer of funds; interest
            Whenever the Board finds at any time that the balance in the railroad unemployment insurance account will be insufficient to pay the benefits and refunds which it estimates are due, or will become due, under this chapter, it shall request the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer from the Railroad Retirement Account to the credit of the railroad unemployment insurance account such moneys as the Board estimates would be necessary for the payment of such benefits and refunds, and the Secretary shall make such transfer. Whenever the Board finds that the balance in the railroad unemployment insurance account, without regard to the amounts transferred pursuant to the next preceding sentence, is sufficient to pay such benefits and refunds, it shall request the Secretary of the Treasury to retransfer from the railroad unemployment insurance account to the credit of the Railroad Retirement Account such moneys as in its judgment are not needed for the payment of such benefits and refunds, plus interest at a rate for each fiscal year equal to the average rate of interest borne by all special obligations held by the Railroad Retirement Account on the last day of the preceding fiscal year, rounded to the nearest multiple of one-eighth of 1 per centum, and the Secretary shall make such retransfer. In determining the balance in the railroad unemployment insurance account as of September 30 of any year pursuant to
                section 358(a) of this title
§ 361. Railroad unemployment insurance administration fund
    (a) Maintenance of account; amounts constituting fund
        (a)
        Maintenance of account; amounts constituting fund
            The Secretary of the Treasury shall maintain in the unemployment trust fund established pursuant to section 904 of the Social Security Act [
                42 U.S.C. 1104
                section 358 of this title
    (b) Authorization of appropriations; advance of sums; repayment
        (b)
        Authorization of appropriations; advance of sums; repayment
            In addition to the other moneys herein provided for expenses necessary or incidental to administering this chapter, there is appropriated to the fund such amount as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Board shall jointly estimate to have been collected or to be collectible with respect to the calendar years 1936, 1937, 1938, and 1939, from employers subject to this chapter, under title IX of the Social Security Act, less such amount as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Board shall jointly estimate will be appropriated or has been appropriated to States or Territories pursuant to the Act of Congress approved
                August 24, 1937
            Until the amount appropriated by this subsection is credited to the fund, the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to advance to the credit of the fund such sums, but not more than $2,000,000, as the Board requests for the purpose of financing the costs of administering this chapter. Such advance shall be repaid from the fund at such time after the amount appropriated by this subsection is credited to the fund as the Board by agreement with the Secretary of the Treasury may determine, but not later than
                January 1, 1940
    (c) Availability for administrative expenses
        (c)
        Availability for administrative expenses
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, all moneys at any time credited to the fund are permanently appropriated to the Board to be continuously available to the Board without further appropriation for any expenses necessary or incidental to administering this chapter, including personal services in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; travel expenses, including expenses of attendance at meetings when authorized by the Board; actual transportation expenses and not to exceed $10 per diem to cover subsistence and other expenses while in attendance at and en route to and from the place to which he is invited, to any person other than an employee of the Federal Government who may, from time to time, be invited to the city of Washington or elsewhere for conference or advisory purposes in furthering the work of the Board; when found by the Board to be in the interest of the Government, not exceeding 3 per centum, in any fiscal year, of the amounts credited during such year to the fund, for engaging persons or organizations, by contract or otherwise, for any special technical or professional services, determined necessary by the Board, including but not restricted to accounting, actuarial, statistical, and reporting services, without regard to
                section 6101 of title 41
                l
                Provided
                section 6101 of title 41
                45 U.S.C. 231
    (d) Transfer of excess to insurance account
        (d)
        Transfer of excess to insurance account
            So much of the balance in the fund as of September 30 of each year as is in excess of $6,000,000 shall as of such date be transferred from the fund and credited to the account.
§ 362. Duties and powers of Board
    (a) Witnesses; subpenas, service, fees, etc.
        (a)
        Witnesses; subpenas, service, fees, etc.
            For the purpose of any investigation or other proceeding relative to the determination of any right to benefits, or relative to any other matter within its jurisdiction under this chapter, the Board shall have the power to issue subpenas requiring the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of any evidence, documentary or otherwise, that relates to any matter under investigation or in question, before the Board or any member, employee, or representative thereof. Any member of the Board or any of its employees or representatives designated by it may administer oaths and affirmations, examine witnesses, and receive evidence. Such attendance of witnesses and production of evidence may be required from any place in the United States or any Territory or possession thereof at any designated place of hearing. All subpenas may be served and returned by anyone authorized by the Board in the same manner as is now provided by law for the service and return by United States marshals of subpenas in suits in equity. Such service may also be made by registered mail or by certified mail and in such case the return post-office receipt shall be proof of service. Witnesses summoned in accordance with this subsection shall be paid the same fees and mileage as are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States.
    (b) Enforcement of subpenas by courts; contempts; service of orders, writs, or processes
        (b)
        Enforcement of subpenas by courts; contempts; service of orders, writs, or processes
            In case of contumacy by, or refusal to obey a subpena lawfully issued to, any person, the Board may invoke the aid of the district court of the United States or the United States courts of any Territory or possession, where such person is found or resides or is otherwise subject to service of process, or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia if the investigation or proceeding is being carried on in the District of Columbia, or the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, if the investigation or proceeding is being carried on in the Northern District of Illinois, in requiring the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of evidence. Any such court shall issue an order requiring such person to appear before the Board or its specified employee or representative at the place specified in the subpena of the Board, whether within or without the judicial district of the court, there to produce evidence, if so ordered, or there to give testimony concerning the matter under investigation or in question; and any failure to obey such order of the court may be punished by said court as a contempt thereof. All orders, writs, and processes in any such proceeding may be served in the judicial district of the district court issuing such order, writ, or process, except that the orders, writs, and processes of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia or of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois in such proceedings may run and be served anywhere in the United States.
    (c) Repealed.
        (c)
        Repealed.
            Pub. L. 91–452, title II, § 239
            Oct. 15, 1970
            84 Stat. 930
    (d) Information as confidential
        (d)
        Information as confidential
            Information obtained by the Board in connection with the administration of this chapter shall not be revealed or open to inspection nor be published in any manner revealing an employee’s identity:
                Provided, however
                section 355 of this title
                section 361(a) of this title
    (e) Certification of claims; authorization of employee to make payments; bond
        (e)
        Certification of claims; authorization of employee to make payments; bond
            The Board shall provide for the certification of claims for benefits and refunds and may arrange total or partial settlements at such times and in such manner as may appear to the Board to be expedient. The Board shall designate and authorize one or more of its employees to sign vouchers for the payment of benefits and refunds under this chapter. Each such employee shall give bond, in form and amount fixed by the Board, conditioned upon the faithful performance of his duties. The premiums due on such bonds shall be paid from the fund and deemed to be a part of the expenses of administering this chapter.
    (f) Cooperation with other agencies administering unemployment or sickness compensation laws; agreements
        (f)
        Cooperation with other agencies administering unemployment or sickness compensation laws; agreements
            The Board may cooperate with or enter into agreement with the appropriate agencies charged with the administration of State, Territorial, Federal, or foreign unemployment-compensation or sickness laws or employment offices, with respect to investigations, the exchange of information and services, the establishment, maintenance, and use of free employment service facilities, and such other matters as the Board deems expedient in connection with the administration of this chapter, and may compensate any such agency for services or facilities supplied to the Board in connection with the administration of this chapter. The Board may enter also into agreements with any such agency, pursuant to which any unemployment or sickness benefits provided for by this chapter or any other unemployment-compensation or sickness law, may be paid through a single agency to persons who have, during the period on the basis of which eligibility for and duration of benefits is determined under the law administered by such agency or under this chapter, or both, performed services covered by one or more of such laws, or performed services which constitute employment as defined in this chapter:
                Provided
    (g) Benefits also subject to a State law; mutual reimbursement
        (g)
        Benefits also subject to a State law; mutual reimbursement
            In determining whether an employee has qualified for benefits in accordance with
                section 353 of this title
            If a State, in determining whether an employee is eligible for unemployment or sickness benefits under an unemployment or sickness compensation law of such State, and in determining the amount of unemployment or sickness benefits to be paid to such employee pursuant to such unemployment or sickness compensation law, considers as services for hire (and remuneration therefor) included within the provisions of such unemployment or sickness compensation law, employment (and compensation therefor), the Board is authorized to reimburse such State such portion of such unemployment or sickness benefits as the Board deems equitable; such reimbursements shall be paid from the account, and are included within the meaning of the word “benefits” as used in this chapter.
    (h) Assistance from employers and labor organizations; compensation
        (h)
        Assistance from employers and labor organizations; compensation
            The Board may enter into agreements or arrangements with employers, organizations of employers, and railway-labor organizations which are duly organized in accordance with the provisions of the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
                section 209 of title 18
    (i) Free employment offices; registration of unemployed; statements of sickness; reemployment
        (i)
        Free employment offices; registration of unemployed; statements of sickness; reemployment
            The Board may establish, maintain, and operate free employment offices, and may designate as free employment offices facilities maintained by (i) a railway labor organization which is duly authorized and designated to represent employees in accordance with the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
            The Board shall prescribe a procedure for registration of unemployed employees at employment offices. Such procedure for registration shall be prescribed with a view to such registration affording substantial evidence of the days of unemployment of the employees who register. The Board may, when such registration is made personally by an employee, accept such registration as initial proof of unemployment sufficient to certify for payment a claim for benefits.
            The Board shall provide a form or forms for statements of sickness and a procedure for the execution and filing thereof. Such forms and procedure shall be designated with a view to having such statements provide substantial evidence of the days of sickness of the employee. Such statements may be executed by any doctor (authorized to practice in the State or foreign jurisdiction in which he practices his profession) or any officer or supervisory employee of a hospital, clinic, group health association, or other similar organization, who is qualified under such regulations as the Board may prescribe to execute such statements. The Board shall issue regulations for the qualification of such persons to execute such statements. When so executed by any such person, or, in the discretion of the Board, by others designated by the Board individually or by groups, they may be accepted as initial proof of days of sickness sufficient to certify for payment a claim for benefits.
            The regulations of the Board concerning registration at employment offices by unemployed persons may provide for group registration and reporting, through employers, and need not be uniform with respect to different classes of employees.
            The operation of any employment facility operated by the Board shall be directed primarily toward the reemployment of employees who have theretofore been substantially employed by employers.
    (j) Advisory councils; members’ remuneration
        (j)
        Advisory councils; members’ remuneration
            The Board may appoint national or local advisory councils composed of equal numbers of representatives of employers, representatives of employees, and persons representing the general public, for the purpose of discussing problems in connection with the administration of this chapter and aiding the Board in formulating policies. The members of such councils shall serve without remuneration, but shall be reimbursed for any necessary traveling and subsistence expenses or on a per diem basis in lieu of subsistence expenses.
    (k) Reduction of unemployment; training and reemployment of unemployed employees, etc.
        (k)
        Reduction of unemployment; training and reemployment of unemployed employees, etc.
            The Board, with the advice and aid of any advisory council appointed by it, shall take appropriate steps to reduce and prevent unemployment and loss of earnings; to encourage and assist in the adoption of practical methods of vocational training, retraining, and vocational guidance; to promote the reemployment of unemployed employees; and to these ends to carry on and publish the results of investigations and research studies.
    (l) Necessary and incidental powers; employees of Board, employment, remuneration, civil-service laws, registration of unemployed, and detail
        (l)
        Necessary and incidental powers; employees of Board, employment, remuneration, civil-service laws, registration of unemployed, and detail
            In addition to the powers and duties expressly provided, the Board shall have and exercise all the powers and duties necessary to administer or incidental to administering this chapter, and in connection therewith shall have such of the powers, duties, and remedies provided in subdivisions (5), (6), and (9) of section 7(b) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 [
                45 U.S.C. 231f(b)
                45 U.S.C. 231
                June 24, 1937
                50 Stat. 307
                June 30, 1939
                June 30, 1940
            The Board may employ such persons and provide for their remuneration and expenses, as may be necessary for the proper administration of this chapter. Such persons shall be employed and their remuneration prescribed in accordance with the civil-service laws and chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5:
                Provided
                Provided
                And provided further
                And provided further
                Provided
    (m) Delegation of powers
        (m)
        Delegation of powers
            The Board is authorized to delegate to any member, officer, or employee of the Board any of the powers conferred upon the Board by this chapter, excluding only the power to prescribe rules and regulations.
    (n) Sickness benefits; examinations; information and reports; contracts and expenses for examinations
        (n)
        Sickness benefits; examinations; information and reports; contracts and expenses for examinations
            Any employee claiming, entitled to, or receiving sickness benefits under this chapter may be required to take such examination, physical, medical, mental, or otherwise, in such manner and at such times and by such qualified individuals, including medical officers or employees of the United States or a State, as the Board may prescribe. The place or places of examination shall be reasonably convenient for the employee. No sickness benefits shall be payable under this chapter with respect to any period during which the employee unreasonably refuses to take or willfully obstructs an examination as prescribed by the Board.
            Any doctor who renders any attendance, treatment, attention, or care, or performs any examination with respect to a sickness of an employee, upon which a claim or right to benefits under this chapter is based, shall furnish the Board, in such manner and form and at such times as the Board by regulations may prescribe, information and reports relative thereto and to the condition of the employee. An application for sickness benefits under this chapter shall contain a waiver of any doctor-patient privilege that the employee may have with respect to any sickness period upon which such application is based:
                Provided
            The Board may enter into agreements or arrangements with doctors, hospitals, clinics, or other persons for securing the examination, physical, medical, mental, or otherwise, of employees claiming, entitled to, or receiving sickness benefits under this chapter and the performance of services or the use of facilities in connection with the execution of statements of sickness. The Board may compensate any such doctors, hospitals, clinics, or other persons upon such reasonable basis as the Board shall prescribe. Such doctors, hospitals, clinics, or other persons and persons employed by any of them shall not be subject to
                section 209 of title 18
    (o) Liability of third party for sickness; reimbursement of Board
        (o)
        Liability of third party for sickness; reimbursement of Board
            Benefits payable to an employee with respect to days of sickness shall be payable regardless of the liability of any person to pay damages for such infirmity. The Board shall be entitled to reimbursement from any sum or damages paid or payable to such employee or other person through suit, compromise, settlement, judgment, or otherwise on account of any liability (other than a liability under a health, sickness, accident, or similar insurance policy) based upon such infirmity, to the extent that it will have paid or will pay benefits for days of sickness resulting from such infirmity. Upon notice to the person against whom such right or claim exists or is asserted, the Board shall have a lien upon such right or claim, any judgment obtained thereunder, and any sum or damages paid under such right or claim, to the extent of the amount to which the Board is entitled by way of reimbursement.
    (p) Disqualification to execute statements of sickness or receive fees
        (p)
        Disqualification to execute statements of sickness or receive fees
            The Board may, after hearing, disqualify any person from executing statements of sickness who, the Board finds, (i) will have solicited, or will have employed another to solicit, for himself or for another the execution of any such statement, or (ii) will have made false or misleading statements to the Board, to any employer, or to any employee, in connection with the awarding of any benefits under this chapter, or (iii) will have failed to submit medical reports and records required by the Board under this chapter, or will have failed to submit any other reports, records, or information required by the Board in connection with the administration of this chapter or any other Act heretofore or hereafter administered by the Board, or (iv) will have engaged in any malpractice or other professional misconduct. No fees or charges of any kind shall accrue to any such person from the Board after his disqualification.
    (q) Investigations and research with respect to accidents and disabilities
        (q)
        Investigations and research with respect to accidents and disabilities
            The Board shall engage in and conduct research projects, investigations, and studies with respect to the cause, care, and prevention of, and benefits for, accidents and disabilities and other subjects deemed by the Board to be related thereto, and shall recommend legislation deemed advisable in the light of such research projects, investigations, and studies.
    (r) Duty of Board to make certain computations
        (r)
        Duty of Board to make certain computations
        (1) Compensation base
            (1)
            Compensation base
            On or before
                December 1, 1988
            (A) 
                (A)
                in accordance with
                    section 351(i) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                the amounts described in
                    section 351(k) of this title
                    section 352(c) of this title
                    section 353 of this title
        (2) Maximum daily benefit rate
            (2)
            Maximum daily benefit rate
                On or before
                    June 1, 1989
                    section 352(a)(3) of this title
        (3) Notice in Federal Register and to employers
            (3)
            Notice in Federal Register and to employers
                Not later than 10 days after each computation made under this subsection, the Board shall publish notice in the Federal Register and shall notify each employer and employee representative of the amount so computed.
§ 363. Exclusiveness of provisions; transfers from State unemployment compensation accounts to railroad unemployment insurance account
    (a) Omitted
        (a)
        Omitted
    (b) Effect on State unemployment compensation laws
        (b)
        Effect on State unemployment compensation laws
            By enactment of this chapter the Congress makes exclusive provision for the payment of unemployment benefits for unemployment occurring after
                June 30, 1939
                June 30, 1947
                June 30, 1939
                June 30, 1947
                June 30, 1939
                June 30, 1947
                section 362(g) of this title
                June 30, 1939
                section 1106 of title 42
                Provided
                July 1, 1939
                July 1, 1939
    (c) Determination of “preliminary amount” for States
        (c)
        Determination of “preliminary amount” for States
            The Social Security Board is directed to determine for each State, after agreement with the Railroad Retirement Board, and after consultation with such State; the total (hereinafter referred to as the “preliminary amount”) of (i) the amount remaining as the balances of reserve accounts of employers as of
                June 30, 1939
                June 30, 1939
                July 1, 1939
                July 1, 1939
                December 31, 1939
    (d) Withholding amounts from certification to States; transfers to railroad unemployment compensation account
        (d)
        Withholding amounts from certification to States; transfers to railroad unemployment compensation account
            The Social Security Board shall withhold from certification to the Secretary of the Treasury for payment the amounts determined by it pursuant to
                section 502(a) of title 42
                July 1, 1939
                Provided, however
                July 1, 1939
            The Social Security Board shall withhold from certification to the Secretary of the Treasury for payment the amounts determined by it pursuant to
                section 502(a) of title 42
                January 1, 1940
                Provided, however
                January 1, 1940
            The withholdings from certification directed in each of the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection shall begin with respect to each State when the Social Security Board finds that such State is unable to avail itself of the condition set forth in the proviso contained in such paragraph:
                Provided, however
                section 502 of title 42
                July 1, 1944
                July 1, 1942
                July 1, 1939
                Provided, however
    (e) Transfers and withdrawals, effect upon social security provisions
        (e)
        Transfers and withdrawals, effect upon social security provisions
            The transfers described in the provisos contained in the several paragraphs of subsection (d) of this section shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of the conditions set forth in sections 503(a)(5) and 1103(a)(4) of title 42; nor shall the withdrawal by a State from its account in the unemployment trust fund of amounts, but not to exceed the total amount the Social Security Board shall have withheld from certification with respect to such State pursuant to subsection (d) of this section, be deemed to constitute a breach of the conditions set forth in sections 503(a)(5) and 1103(a)(4) of title 42, provided the moneys so withdrawn are expended solely for expenses which the Social Security Board determines to be necessary for the proper administration of such State’s unemployment compensation law.
    (f) Payments to railroad unemployment insurance account; transfers from unemployment trust fund of States
        (f)
        Payments to railroad unemployment insurance account; transfers from unemployment trust fund of States
            The Social Security Board is authorized and directed to certify to the Secretary of the Treasury for payment, and the Secretary shall pay, into the railroad unemployment insurance account, such amounts as the Social Security Board withholds from certification pursuant to subsection (d) of this section and the appropriations authorized in
                section 501 of title 42
§ 363a. Refunds of State unemployment contributions by employees; amount; application period; definitions
    (a) 
        (a)
        Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in any case where an employee amount (as hereinafter defined) was paid from a State unemployment fund to the Unemployment Trust Fund, an aggregate amount equal thereto shall be paid from the Unemployment Trust Fund, as refunds, to employees who paid into the State fund the contributions upon which such payment into the Unemployment Trust Fund was based, except that in case any such employee is deceased, payment shall be made to his estate; and the payment so made in the case of any employee shall be in proportion to the contributions paid by such employee into the State fund:
            Provided
            August 2, 1946
    (b) 
        (b)
        As used in this section—
        (1) 
            (1)
            The term “employee amount” means any amount paid from a State unemployment fund to the Unemployment Trust Fund which would not have been required to be paid, under the provisions of
                section 363(c) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The term “Unemployment Trust Fund” means the fund established by
                section 1104 of title 42
        (3) 
            (3)
            The term “employees” has the same meaning as in the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
§ 364. District of Columbia account, transfer of funds to railroad unemployment insurance account
        The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to transfer from the account of the District of Columbia in the unemployment trust fund to the railroad unemployment insurance account in the unemployment trust fund, an amount equal to the “preliminary amount” and an amount equal to the “liquidating amount”, whenever such amounts, respectively, have been determined, with respect to the District of Columbia, pursuant to
            section 363 of this title
§ 365. Omitted
§ 366. Separability
        If any provision of this chapter or the application there of to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances, and the remainder of this chapter shall not be affected thereby.
§ 366a. Effect of Internal Revenue Code
        The provisions of the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, as herein amended, shall be in full force and effect notwithstanding the enactment of the Internal Revenue Code.
§ 367. Short title
        This chapter may be cited as the “Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act”.
§ 368. Repealed.
§ 369. Annual report
        On or before July 1 of 1989, and of each calendar year thereafter, the Railroad Retirement Board shall submit to the Congress a report on the financial status of the railroad unemployment insurance system under various economic and employment assumptions. Such report shall include any recommendation for financing changes which might be advisable, including any adjustment the Railroad Retirement Board recommends regarding the rates of employer contributions.
§ 401. Payment of compensation; eligibility; duration; maximum aggregate amount payable; duplication of benefits; application of railroad unemployment insurance provisions
        An employee as defined in the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
            45 U.S.C. 351
            June 30, 1960
            April 1, 1962
            March 24, 1961
            April 1, 1962
            Provided
            April 1, 1962
            July 1, 1962
            Provided further
§ 402. Exchange of information between Secretary of Labor and Railroad Retirement Board
        The Secretary of Labor, upon request, shall furnish the Railroad Retirement Board information deemed necessary by such Board for the administration of
            section 401 of this title
§ 403. Appropriation to railroad unemployment insurance account; transfer and repayment of funds; interest
        There are authorized to be appropriated to the railroad unemployment insurance account, without fiscal year limitation, such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this chapter. The amounts so appropriated shall be transferred from time to time to the railroad unemployment insurance account on the basis of estimates by the Secretary of the Treasury after consultation with the Railroad Retirement Board of the amounts required from time to time to carry out the provisions of this chapter. Amounts so transferred shall be repayable advances without interest.
§ 404. Temporary increase in employers’ contribution rate
    1 
        1 
        Notwithstanding the provisions of section 358(a)2
            1
            1 
                1
            45 U.S.C. 351
            December 31, 1961
            January 1, 1964
§ 421. Repealed.
§§ 431 to 447. Repealed.
§§ 501 to 502. Repealed.
§§ 521, 522. Repealed.
§§ 541 to 548. Repealed.
§§ 561 to 563. Repealed.
§ 564. Repealed.
§§ 565, 566. Repealed.
§§ 581 to 591. Repealed.
§ 601. Repealed.
§ 602. Repealed.
§§ 621, 622. Repealed.
§ 641. Repealed.
§§ 642 to 644. Repealed.
§ 645. Repealed.
§§ 646 to 650c. Repealed.
§§ 650d, 650e. Repealed.
§§ 651 to 658. Repealed.
§ 661. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation.
    (2) 
        (2)
        “Board” means the Surface Transportation Board.
    (3) 
        (3)
        “Railroad” means any rail carrier subject to part A of subtitle IV of title 49.
    (4) 
        (4)
        “Certificate” means certificates issued by trustees of a railroad pursuant to subsection 77(c)(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, as amended.
§ 662. Guarantee of certificates
    (a) Authority of Secretary; prerequisites; procedures; waiver
        (a)
        Authority of Secretary; prerequisites; procedures; waiver
        The trustees of any railroad undergoing reorganization under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act, as amended, upon approval of the court, may apply to the Secretary for the guarantee of certificates. The Secretary, after consultation with the Board, is authorized to guarantee such certificates upon findings in writing that—
        (1) 
            (1)
            cessation of essential transportation services by the railroad would endanger the public welfare;
        (2) 
            (2)
            cessation of such services is imminent;
        (3) 
            (3)
            there is no other practicable means of obtaining funds to meet payroll and other expenses necessary to provide such services than the issuance of such certificates;
        (4) 
            (4)
            such certificates cannot be sold without a guarantee;
        (5) 
            (5)
            the railroad can reasonably be expected to become self-sustaining; and
        (6) 
            (6)
            the probable value of the assets of the railroad in the event of liquidation provides reasonable protection to the United States.
        The Secretary shall publish notice of his intention to make such finding in the Federal Register not less than fifteen days prior to such finding, give interested persons, including agencies of the Federal Government, an opportunity to submit written data, views, or arguments (with or without opportunity for oral presentation), and give consideration to the relevant matter presented. The Secretary for good cause shown and upon a finding that extraordinary circumstances warrant doing so may waive the requirements of the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the Secretary, in guaranteeing certificates under this section, is authorized to waive the findings required by paragraphs (1), (5), and (6) of this subsection.
    (b) Conditions to guarantee
        (b)
        Conditions to guarantee
        As a condition to a guarantee, the Secretary, after consultation with the Board, shall require that:
        (1) 
            (1)
            the proceeds of the sale of certificates guaranteed under this chapter, will be used solely for meeting payroll and other expenses which, if not met, would preclude continued provision of essential transportation services by the railroad;
        (2) 
            (2)
            other revenues of the railroad will be used, to the fullest extent possible, for such expenses;
        (3) 
            (3)
            proceeds from the sale of assets will be devoted to the fullest extent possible to the provision of essential transportation services by the railroad; and
        (4) 
            (4)
            in the event of actual or threatened cessation of essential transportation services by the railroad, the Secretary shall have the option to procure by purchase or lease trackage rights over the lines of the railroad and such equipment as may be necessary to provide such services by the Secretary or his assignee, and, in the event of a default in the payment of principal or interest as provided by the certificates, the money paid or expenses incurred by the United States as a result thereof shall be deemed to have been applied to the purchase or lease price. The terms of purchase or lease shall be subject to the approval of the reorganization court and the operation over the lines shall be subject to the approval of the Board pursuant to subchapter II of chapter 113 of title 49, but in no event shall the rendition of services by the Secretary or his assignee await the outcome of proceedings before the reorganization court or the Board.
    (c) Certificate as administrative expense; priority of certificate
        (c)
        Certificate as administrative expense; priority of certificate
            The Secretary shall not guarantee any certificate under this section unless such certificate is treated as an expense of administration and receives the highest lien on the railroad’s property and priority in payment under the Bankruptcy Act, except that this subsection shall not apply to certificates guaranteed for a railroad that is actively engaged in restructuring, as defined by the Secretary. For purposes of this subsection, the term “restructuring” includes an employee ownership plan or an employee-shipper ownership plan.
    (d) Interest rate; date of maturity; other terms and conditions
        (d)
        Interest rate; date of maturity; other terms and conditions
            A certificate under this chapter shall bear interest at such per annum rate as the Secretary deems reasonable, taking into account the range of interest rates prevailing in the private market for similar loans and the risks assumed by the Federal Government; nor may its maturity date, including all extensions and renewals thereof, be later than fifteen years from the date of original issuance. The Secretary may prescribe such other terms and conditions as he deems appropriate. In each case, the Secretary shall consider the feasibility of requiring the railroad to dispose of nonrailroad assets as a condition to a guarantee.
    (e) Maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding
        (e)
        Maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding
            At any one time the outstanding aggregate principal amount of all certificates guaranteed under this chapter shall not exceed $200,000,000.
    (f) Rules and regulations
        (f)
        Rules and regulations
            The Secretary shall issue such rules and regulations as are appropriate to carry out the authority granted by this chapter.
§ 663. Inspection of accounts, books, etc., of railroad receiving financial assistance
        The Secretary is authorized to, and shall as necessary, inspect and copy all accounts, books, records, memorandums, correspondence, and other documents of any railroad which has received financial assistance under this chapter concerning any matter which may bear upon (1) the ability of such railroad to repay the loan within the time fixed therefor, (2) the interest of the United States in the property of such railroad, and (3) to insure that the purpose of this chapter is being carried out.
§ 664. Issuance of obligations to Secretary of the Treasury
    (a) Forms and denominations; maturity dates; terms and conditions; interest rate; purchase and sale of obligations by Secretary of the Treasury; authorization of appropriations
        (a)
        Forms and denominations; maturity dates; terms and conditions; interest rate; purchase and sale of obligations by Secretary of the Treasury; authorization of appropriations
            To enable the Secretary to carry out his rights and responsibilities under
                section 662 of this title
    (b) Revocation of guarantee; legal effect of guarantee; validity and incontestability of guaranteed certificate
        (b)
        Revocation of guarantee; legal effect of guarantee; validity and incontestability of guaranteed certificate
            Any guarantee made by the Secretary under this chapter shall not be terminated, canceled, or otherwise revoked, except as provided by the terms and conditions prescribed by the Secretary under
                section 662(d) of this title
    (c) Enforcement by Attorney General of rights accruing to United States because of guarantee
        (c)
        Enforcement by Attorney General of rights accruing to United States because of guarantee
            The Attorney General shall take such action as may be appropriate to enforce any right accruing to the United States by reason of its having paid money or incurred expenses as a result of making such guarantees.
§ 665. Utilization of services and facilities of Federal departments and agencies; reimbursement; consultation with Board; coordination of activities with Federal departments and agencies
    (a) 
        (a)
        In carrying out the provisions of this chapter the Secretary may use available services and facilities of other departments, agencies, and instrumentalities of the Federal Government with their consent and on a reimbursable basis, and shall consult with the Board in carrying out the provisions of this chapter.
    (b) 
        (b)
        Departments, agencies, and instrumentalities of the Federal Government shall exercise their powers, duties, and functions in such manner as will assist in carrying out the provisions of this chapter.
§ 666. Court supervision of expenditures; findings; report to Secretary
        In addition to other duties prescribed by section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act, the court shall maintain supervision of the expenditure of funds obtained pursuant to
            section 662 of this title
§ 667. Audit by Comptroller General; report to Congress
        The Comptroller General of the United States, or any of his duly authorized representatives, shall have access to such information, books, records, and documents as he determines necessary effectively to audit financial transactions and operations carried out by the Secretary in the administration of this chapter. The Comptroller General shall make such reports to the Congress on the results of any such audits as are appropriate.
§ 668. Guarantee fees; amount; deposit
        The Secretary shall prescribe a guarantee fee in connection with each loan guaranteed under this chapter which shall be collected from the railroad upon repayment of the loan guaranteed. Such fee shall be in an amount that the Secretary estimates to be necessary to cover the administrative costs of carrying out the provisions of this chapter with respect to such loan. Sums realized from such fees shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts.
§ 669. Repealed.
§ 701. Congressional declaration of policy
    (a) Findings
        (a)
        Findings
        The Congress finds and declares that—
        (1) 
            (1)
            Essential rail service in the midwest and northeast region of the United States is provided by railroads which are today insolvent and attempting to undergo reorganization under the Bankruptcy Act.
        (2) 
            (2)
            This essential rail service is threatened with cessation or significant curtailment because of the inability of the trustees of such railroads to formulate acceptable plans for reorganization. This rail service is operated over rail properties which were acquired for a public use, but which have been permitted to deteriorate and now require extensive rehabilitation and modernization.
        (3) 
            (3)
            The public convenience and necessity require adequate and efficient rail service in this region and throughout the Nation to meet the needs of commerce, the national defense, the environment, and the service requirements of passengers, United States mail, shippers, States and their political subdivisions, and consumers.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Continuation and improvement of essential rail service in this region is also necessary to preserve and maintain adequate national rail services and an efficient national rail transportation system.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Rail service and rail transportation offer economic and environmental advantages with respect to land use, air pollution, noise levels, energy efficiency and conservation, resource allocation, safety, and cost per ton-mile of movement to such extent that the preservation and maintenance of adequate and efficient rail service is in the national interest.
        (6) 
            (6)
            These needs cannot be met without substantial action by the Federal Government.
    (b) Purposes
        (b)
        Purposes
        It is therefore declared to be the purpose of Congress in this chapter to provide for—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the identification of a rail service system in the midwest and northeast region which is adequate to meet the needs and service requirements of this region and of the national rail transportation system;
        (2) 
            (2)
            the reorganization of railroads in this region into an economically viable system capable of providing adequate and efficient rail service to the region;
        (3) 
            (3)
            the establishment of the United States Railway Association, with enumerated powers and responsibilities;
        (4) 
            (4)
            the establishment of the Consolidated Rail Corporation, with enumerated powers and responsibilities;
        (5) 
            (5)
            assistance to States and local and regional transportation authorities for continuation of local rail services threatened with cessation; and
        (6) 
            (6)
            necessary Federal financial assistance at the lowest possible cost to the general tax­payer.
§ 702. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        “Association” means the United States Railway Association, established under
            section 711 of this title
    (2) 
        (2)
        “Commission” means the Interstate Commerce Commission;
    (3) 
        (3)
        “Commuter authority” means any State, local, or regional authority, corporation, or other entity established for purposes of providing commuter service, and includes the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the Connecticut Department of Transportation, the Maryland Department of Transportation, the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, the New Jersey Transit Corporation, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, the Port Authority Trans-Hudson Corporation, any successor agencies, and any entity created by one or more such agencies for the purpose of operating, or contracting for the operation of, commuter service;
    (4) 
        (4)
        “Commuter service” means short-haul rail passenger service operated in metropolitan and suburban areas, whether within or across the geographical boundaries of a State, usually characterized by reduced fare, multiple-ride, and commutation tickets, and by morning and evening peak period operations;
    (5) 
        (5)
        “Corporation” means the Consolidated Rail Corporation required to be established under
            section 741 of this title
    (6) 
        (6)
        “effective date of the final system plan” means the date on which the final system plan or any revised final system plan is deemed approved by Congress, in accordance with
            section 718 of this title
    (7) 
        (7)
        “employee stock ownership plan” means a technique of corporate finance that uses a stock bonus trust or a company stock money purchase pension trust which qualifies under
            section 401(a) of title 26
    (8) 
        (8)
        “final system plan” means the plan of reorganization for the restructure, rehabilitation, and modernization of railroads in reorganization prepared pursuant to
            section 716 of this title
            section 718 of this title
    (9) 
        (9)
        1 
        “Finance Committee” means the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of the Association established under section 711(i)
            1
            1 
                1
    (10) 
        (10)
        “includes” and variants thereof should be read as if the phrase “but is not limited to” were also set forth;
    (11) 
        (11)
        2 
        “local or regional transportation authority” includes a political subdivision of a State.
            2
            2 
                2
    (12) 
        (12)
        “Office” means the Rail Services Planning Office established under section 10361
            1
    (13) 
        (13)
        “profitable railroad” means a railroad which is not a railroad in reorganization. The term does not include the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization in the region;
    (14) 
        (14)
        “rail properties” means assets or rights owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by a railroad (or a person owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by a railroad) which are used or useful in rail transportation service; except that the term, when used in conjunction with the phrase “railroads leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization”, shall not include assets or rights owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by a Class I railroad which is not wholly owned, operated, or leased by a railroad in reorganization but is controlled by a railroad in reorganization;
    (15) 
        (15)
        “railroad” means a rail carrier subject to part A of subtitle IV of title 49. The term includes the Corporation and the National Railroad Passenger Corporation;
    (16) 
        (16)
        “railroad in reorganization” means a railroad which is subject to a bankruptcy proceeding and which has not been determined by a court to be reorganizable or not subject to reorganization pursuant to this chapter as prescribed in
            section 717(b) of this title
    (17) 
        (17)
        “Region” means the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and Illinois; the District of Columbia; and those portions of contiguous States in which are located rail properties owned or operated by railroads doing business primarily in the aforementioned jurisdictions (as determined by the Commission by order);
    (17A) 
        (17A)
        “sale date” means the date on which the initial public offering of the securities of the Corporation is closed under the Conrail Privatization Act [
            45 U.S.C. 1301
    (18) 
        (18)
        “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation or the designated representative of the Secretary;
    (19) 
        (19)
        “State” means any State or the District of Columbia;
    (20) 
        (20)
        “subsidiary” means any corporation 100 percent of whose total combined voting shares are, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by the Corporation; and
    (21) 
        (21)
        “supplemental transaction” means any transaction set forth in a proposal under
            section 745 of this title
§ 711. Formation and structure
    (a) Establishment
        (a)
        Establishment
            There is established, in accordance with the provisions of this section, an incorporated nonprofit association to be known as the United States Railway Association.
    (b) Administration
        (b)
        Administration
            The Association shall be directed by a Board of Directors. The individuals designated, pursuant to subsection (d)(2) of this section, as the Government members of such Board shall be deemed the incorporators of the Association and shall take whatever steps are necessary to establish the Association, including filing of articles of incorporation, and serving as an acting Board of Directors for a period of not more than 45 days after the date of incorporation of the Association.
    (c) Status
        (c)
        Status
            The Association shall be a government corporation of the District of Columbia subject, to the extent not inconsistent with this subchapter, to the District of Columbia Nonprofit Corporation Act. Except as otherwise provided, employees of the Association shall not be deemed employees of the Federal Government. The Association shall have succession until dissolved by Act of Congress, shall maintain its principal office in the District of Columbia, and shall be deemed to be a resident of the District of Columbia with respect to venue in any legal proceeding.
    (d) Board of Directors
        (d)
        Board of Directors
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Board of Directors of the Association shall consist of five individuals, as follows:
            (A) 
                (A)
                The Chairman, who shall be the individual serving as Chairman on
                    August 13, 1981
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Secretary of Transportation.
            (C) 
                (C)
                The Comptroller General of the United States.
            (D) 
                (D)
                The Chairman of the Commission.
            (E) 
                (E)
                The Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Chairman may not have any employment or other direct financial relationship with any freight railroad. The Chairman shall receive $300 per diem when engaged in the actual performance of his duties plus reimbursement for travel, subsistence, and other necessary expenses incurred in the performance of such duties.
    (e) Term of office
        (e)
        Term of office
            The term of office of the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Association shall expire on
                December 31, 1987
    (f) Quorum
        (f)
        Quorum
            Three members of the Board of Directors, or their representatives, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of any function of the Association.
    (g) Assumption of Finance Committee functions
        (g)
        Assumption of Finance Committee functions
            The Board of Directors shall, on
                August 13, 1981
    (h) Representation at meetings
        (h)
        Representation at meetings
            The members of the Board of Directors may send representatives to meetings of such Board, and such representatives may exercise full powers of the members.
    (i) Miscellaneous
        (i)
        1 
        Miscellaneous
            1
            1 
                1
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Association shall have a seal which shall be judicially recognized.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Administrator of General Services shall furnish the Association with such offices, equipment, supplies, and services as he is authorized to furnish to any other agency or instrumentality of the United States.
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Secretary is authorized to transfer to the Association or the Corporation rights in intellectual property which are directly related to the conduct of the functions of the Association or the Corporation, to the extent that the Federal Government has such rights and to the extent that transfer is necessary to carry out the purposes of this chapter.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Any reference in this chapter to the Chairman of the Commission is to the Chairman of the Commission or the person who is at the time performing the duties of the Chairman of the Commission in accordance with law.
    (j) Use of names
        (j)
        Use of names
            1
            No person, except the Association, shall hereafter use the words “United States Railway Association” as a name for any business purpose. Violations of this provision may be enjoined by any court of general jurisdiction in an action commenced by the Association. In any such action, the Association may recover any actual damages flowing from such violation, and, in addition, shall be entitled to punitive damages (regardless of the existence or nonexistence of actual damage) in an amount not to exceed $100 for each day during which such violation was committed. The district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction over actions brought under this subsection, without regard to the amount in controversy or the citizenship of the parties.
§ 712. Functions of Association
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
        The Association is authorized to—
        (1) 
            (1)
            monitor the financial performance of the Corporation;
        (2) 
            (2)
            review whether the goals and requirements of this chapter are met;
        (3) 
            (3)
            purchase or otherwise acquire or receive, and hold and dispose of securities (whether debt or equity) of the Corporation under sections 726 and 727 of this title and exercise all of the rights, privileges, and powers of a holder of any such securities;
        (4) 
            (4)
            purchase accounts receivable of the Corporation in accordance with
                section 727 of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            appoint and fix the compensation of such personnel as the Association considers necessary and appropriate; and
        (11) 
            (11)
            1 
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 1204 of this title
    (b) Investment of funds
        (b)
        Investment of funds
            Uncommitted funds of the Association shall be kept in cash on hand or on deposit, or invested in obligations of the United States or guaranteed thereby, or in obligations, participations, or other investments which are lawful investments for fiduciary, trust, or public funds.
    (c) Exemption from taxation
        (c)
        Exemption from taxation
            The Association, including its franchise, capital reserves, surplus, security holdings, and income shall be exempt from all taxation now or hereafter imposed by the United States, any commonwealth, territory, dependency, or possession thereof, or by any State or political subdivision thereof, except that any real property of the Association shall be subject to taxation to the same extent according to its value as other real property is taxed.
    (d) Reports
        (d)
        Reports
        (1) 
            (1)
            2 
                2
                2 
                    2
        (2) 
            (2)
            For the fiscal year beginning
                October 1, 1977
                September 30, 1978
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Association shall transmit to the Congress, no later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, a report with respect to the proceedings before the special court to determine the valuation of rail properties conveyed to the Corporation under
                section 743 of this title
            (A) 
                (A)
                a detailed accounting of the Federal funds expended during such quarter in connection with such proceedings, and the purposes for which such funds were expended;
            (B) 
                (B)
                an explanation of the status of such proceedings, including the prospects for settlement or conclusion; and
            (C) 
                (C)
                an identification of which responsibilities in connection with such proceedings are being carried out directly by the Association, and which are being carried out by contract with private organizations.
    (e) Budget
        (e)
        Budget
        3 
            3 
            The receipts and disbursements of the Association (other than administrative expenses referred to in subsection (g)
                3
                3 
                    3
                    Pub. L. 97–35
                section 726 of this title
                section 746 of this title
    (f) Accountability
        (f)
        Accountability
            The Chairman of the Association shall transmit annually to the Office of Management and Budget a budget for administrative expenses of the Association. Whenever the Association submits any budget estimate or request to the Office of Management and Budget, it shall concurrently transmit a copy of the estimate or request to the Congress. Within budgetary constraints of the Congress, the maximum feasible and prudent budgetary flexibility shall be provided to the Association to permit effective operations.
    (g) Transfer of litigation
        (g)
        Transfer of litigation
            No later than
                March 1, 1980
                section 743 of this title
    (h) Transfer of other functions
        (h)
        Transfer of other functions
        4 
            4 
            No later than
                March 1, 1980
                4
                4 
                    4
                    Pub. L. 97–35
    (i) Monitoring of contractors
        (i)
        Monitoring of contractors
            The Board of Directors of the Association shall adopt procedures to insure (1) that contractors, including law firms, provide reports containing written verification of tasks assigned, work performed, time worked, and costs incurred, including periodic status reports on work performed, (2) that such reports are audited by the Association, (3) that no funds are paid to contractors without written reports complying with the requirements of this subsection, and (4) that the Association applies such procedures uniformly to all contractors.
§ 713. Access to information
        The Corporation shall make available to the Association such information as the Association determines necessary for the Association to carry out its functions under this chapter. The Association shall request from other parties which are affected by this chapter information which will enable the Association to fulfill its functions under this chapter.
§ 714. Omitted
§ 715. Repealed.
§ 716. Final system plan
    (a) Goals
        (a)
        Goals
        The final system plan shall be formulated in such a way as to effectuate the following goals:
        (1) 
            (1)
            the creation, through a process of reorganization, of a financially self-sustaining rail and express service system in the region;
        (2) 
            (2)
            the establishment and maintenance of a rail service system adequate to meet the rail transportation needs and service requirements of the region;
        (3) 
            (3)
            the establishment of improved high-speed rail passenger service, consonant with the recommendations of the Secretary in his report of September 1971, entitled “Recommendations for Northeast Corridor Transportation”;
        (4) 
            (4)
            the preservation, to the extent consistent with other goals, of existing patterns of service by railroads (including short-line and terminal railroads), and of existing railroad trackage in areas in which fossil fuel natural resources are located, and the utilization of those modes of transportation in the region which require the smallest amount of scarce energy resources and which can most efficiently transport energy resources;
        (5) 
            (5)
            the retention and promotion of competition in the provision of rail and other transportation services in the region;
        (6) 
            (6)
            the attainment and maintenance of any environmental standards, particularly the applicable national ambient air quality standards and plans established under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1970, taking into consideration the environmental impact of alternative choices of action;
        (7) 
            (7)
            the movement of passengers and freight in rail transportation in the region in the most efficient manner consistent with safe operation, including the requirements of commuter and intercity rail passenger service; the extent to which there should be coordination with the National Railroad Passenger Corporation and similar entities; and the identification of all short-to-medium distance corridors in densely populated areas in which the major upgrading of rail lines for high-speed passenger operation would return substantial public benefits; and
        (8) 
            (8)
            the minimization of job losses and associated increases in unemployment and community benefit costs in areas in the region presently served by rail service.
    (b) Factors
        (b)
        Factors
        1 
            1 
            The final system plan shall be based upon due consideration of all factors relevant to the realization of the goals set forth in subsection (a) of this section. Such factors include the need for and the cost of rehabilitation and modernization of track, equipment, and other facilities; methods of achieving economies in the cost of rail operations in the region; means of achieving rationalization of rail services and the rail service system in the region; marketing studies; the impact on railroad employees; consumer needs; traffic analyses; financial studies; and any other factors identified by the Association under section 712(b)
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 714(a) of this title
    (c) Designations
        (c)
        Designations
        The final system plan shall designate—
        (1) 
            (1)
            which rail properties of railroads in reorganization in the region or of railroads leased, operated, or controlled by any railroad in reorganization in the region—
            (A) 
                (A)
                shall be transferred to the Corporation:
                    Provided
            (B) 
                (B)
                shall be offered for sale to a profitable railroad operating in the region and, if such offer is accepted, operated by such railroad; the plan shall designate what additions shall be made to the designation under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and what alternative designations shall be made under this paragraph in the event such profitable railroad fails to accept such offer;
            (C) 
                (C)
                shall be purchased, leased, or otherwise acquired from the Corporation by the National Railroad Passenger Corporation in accordance with the exercise of its option under
                    section 791(d) of this title
            (D) 
                (D)
                may be purchased or leased from the Corporation by (i) a State or a local or regional transportation authority to meet the needs of commuter and intercity rail passenger service, or (ii) the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to meet the needs of improved rail passenger service over intercity routes, other than properties designated pursuant to subparagraph (C) of this paragraph; and
            (E) 
                (E)
                if not otherwise required to be operated by the Corporation, a government entity, or a responsible person, are suitable for use for other public purposes, including highways, other forms of transportation, conservation, energy transmission, education or health care facilities, or recreation. In carrying out this subparagraph, the Association shall solicit the views and recommendations of the Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and other agencies of the Federal Government and of the States and political subdivisions thereof within the region, and the general public; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            which rail properties of profitable railroads operating in the region may be offered for sale to the Corporation or to other profitable railroads operating in the region subject to paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (d) of this section. Any rail properties designated to be offered for sale to the Corporation may be sold instead to a subsidiary of the Corporation.
    (d) Transfers
        (d)
        Transfers
        All transfers or conveyances pursuant to the final system plan shall be made in accordance with, and subject to, the following principles:
        (1) 
            (1)
            All rail properties to be transferred to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof by a profitable railroad, by trustees of a railroad in reorganization, or by any railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization in the region, shall be transferred in exchange for stock and other securities of the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof (including obligations of the Association) and the other benefits accruing to such railroad by reason of such transfer.
        (2) 
            (2)
            All rail properties to be conveyed to a profitable railroad operating in the region by trustees of a railroad in reorganization, or by any railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization in the region, shall be conveyed in exchange for compensation from the profitable railroad.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, no acquisition under this chapter shall be made by any profitable railroad operating in the region without a determination with respect to each such transaction and all such transactions cumulatively (A) by the Association, upon adoption and release of the preliminary system plan, that such acquisition or acquisitions will not materially impair the profitability of any other profitable railroad operating in the region or of the Corporation, and (B) by the Commission, which shall be made within 90 days after adoption and release by the Association of the preliminary system plan, that such acquisition or acquisitions will be in full accord and comply with the provisions and standards of subchapter III
                1
                April 11, 1975
                section 717(b)(2) of this title
                section 717(c) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            Where the final system plan designates specified rail properties of a railroad in reorganization in the region, or of a railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization in the region, to be offered for sale to and operated by a profitable railroad operating in the region, such designation shall terminate 7 days after
                February 5, 1976
        (5) 
            (5)
            All properties—
            (A) 
                (A)
                transferred by the Corporation pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(C) of this section and
                    section 791(d) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                transferred by the Corporation to any State (or local or regional transportation authority), pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(D) of this section, or
            (C) 
                (C)
                transferred by the Corporation to any State, local or regional transportation authority, or the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, within 3 years after the date of conveyance, pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
            shall be transferred at a value related to the value received from the Corporation pursuant to the final system plan for the transfer to such Corporation of such properties. The value of any such properties, which are transferred pursuant to subparagraph (B) or (C) of this paragraph, shall be adjusted to reflect the value attributable to any applicable maintenance and improvement provided by the Corporation (to the extent the Corporation has not been released from the obligation to pay for such improvements) and the cost to the Corporation of transferring such properties. The Corporation, its Board of Directors, and its individual directors shall not be liable to any party, for money damages or in any other manner, solely by reason of the fact that the Corporation transferred property pursuant to
                section 743 of this title
                section 743(c)(2) of this title
        (6) 
            (6)
            Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in the final system plan, a State (or a local or regional transportation authority) shall not be required to deliver to the Corporation a firm commitment to acquire rail properties designated to such State or authority prior to 7 days after
                February 5, 1976
        (7) 
            (7)
            Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the options conveyed to the Corporation by railroads in reorganization, or railroads leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization, with respect to the acquisition by the Corporation pursuant to the final system plan, on behalf of a State (or a local or regional transportation authority) of rail properties designated under subsection (c)(1)(D) of this section, such options shall not be deemed to have expired prior to 7 days after
                September 30, 1976
    (e) Corporation features
        (e)
        Corporation features
        The final system plan shall set forth—
        (1) 
            (1)
            pro forma earnings for the Corporation, as reasonably projected and considering the additions or changes in the designation of rail properties to be operated by the Corporation which may be made under subsection (d)(4) of this section;
        (2) 
            (2)
            the capital structure of the Corporation, based on the pro forma earnings of the Corporation as set forth, including such debt capitalization as shall be reasonably deemed to conform to the requirements of the public interest with respect to railroad debt securities, including the adequacy of coverage of fixed charges; and
        (3) 
            (3)
            the manner in which employee stock ownership plans may, to the extent practicable, be utilized for meeting the capitalization requirements of the Corporation, taking into account (A) the relative cost savings compared to conventional methods of corporate finance; (B) the labor cost savings; (C) the potential for minimizing strikes and producing more harmonious relations between labor organizations and railway management; (D) the projected employee dividend incomes; (E) the impact on quality of service and prices to railway users; and (F) the promotion of the objectives of this chapter of creating a financially self-sustaining railway system in the region which also meets the service needs of the region and the Nation.
    (f) Value
        (f)
        Value
            The final system plan shall designate the value of all rail properties to be transferred under the final system plan and the value of the securities and other benefits to be received for transferring those rail properties to the Corporation in accordance with the final system plan.
    (g) Other provisions
        (g)
        Other provisions
            The final system plan may recommend arrangements among various railroads for joint use or operation of rail properties on a shared ownership, cooperative, pooled, or condominium-type basis, subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified in the final system plan. The final system plan shall also make such designations as are determined to be necessary in accordance with the provisions of section 762 or 763
                1
    (h) Obligational authority
        (h)
        Obligational authority
            The final system plan shall recommend the amount of obligations of the Association which are necessary to enable it to implement the final system plan.
    (i) Terms and conditions for securities
        (i)
        Terms and conditions for securities
            The final system plan may include terms and conditions for any securities to be issued by the Corporation in exchange for the conveyance of rail properties under the final system plan which in the judgement of the Association will minimize any actual or potential debt burden on the Corporation. Any such terms and conditions for securities of the Corporation which purport to directly obligate the Association shall not become effective without affirmative approval, with or without modification by a joint resolution of the Congress.
    (j) Additional properties deemed designated
        (j)
        Additional properties deemed designated
            Any rail properties over which rail service was being provided as of
                February 5, 1976
§ 717. Adoption of final system plan
    (a) Preliminary system plan
        (a)
        Preliminary system plan
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 420 days after
                January 2, 1974
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Office is authorized and directed to hold public hearings on the preliminary system plan and to make available to the Association a summary and analysis of the evidence received in the course of such proceedings, together with its critique and evaluation of the preliminary system plan, not later than 60 days after the date of release of such plan. The Office is authorized to hold public hearings on any supplement to the preliminary system plan and to make available to the Association a summary and analysis of the evidence received in the course of such proceedings, together with its critique and evaluation of such supplement, not later than 30 days after the release of such supplement.
    (b) Approval
        (b)
        Approval
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 120 days after
                January 2, 1974
                section 715(d)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Whenever it has been finally determined pursuant to the procedures of paragraph (1) of this subsection, that the reorganization of a railroad subject to reorganization under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act shall not be proceeded with pursuant to this chapter, the court having jurisdiction over such railroad may, upon a petition which is filed within 10 days after
                February 28, 1975
    (c) Adoption
        (c)
        Adoption
            Within 540 days after
                January 2, 1974
                section 716 of this title
    (d) Review of Commission
        (d)
        Review of Commission
            Within 30 days following the adoption of the final system plan by the Association under subsection (c) of this section and the submission of such plan to Congress under
                section 718(a) of this title
§ 718. Review by Congress
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            The Board of Directors of the Association shall deliver the final system plan adopted by the Association to both Houses of Congress and to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. The final system plan shall be deemed approved at the end of the first period of 60 calendar days of continuous session of Congress after such date of transmittal unless either the House of Representatives or the Senate passes a resolution during such period stating that it does not favor the final system plan.
    (b) Revised plan
        (b)
        Revised plan
            If either the House or the Senate passes a resolution of disapproval under subsection (a) of this section, the Association, with the cooperation and assistance of the Secretary and the Office, shall prepare, determine, and adopt a revised final system plan. Each such revised plan shall be submitted to Congress for review pursuant to subsection (a) of this section.
    (c) Computation
        (c)
        Computation
        For purposes of this section—
        (1) 
            (1)
            continuity of session of Congress is broken only by an adjournment sine die; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            the days on which either House is not in session because of an adjournment of more than 3 days to a day certain are excluded in the computation of the 60-day period.
    (d) Additions
        (d)
        Additions
        (1) 
            (1)
            The supplemental report, dated
                September 18, 1975
                December 1, 1975
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Association may, upon petition of any State, modify the final system plan to make further designations with respect to rail properties of railroads in reorganization in the region designated for transfer to the Corporation under such plan, if such designations (A) are likely to result in improved rail service on such rail properties and connecting rail properties, and (B) would not materially impair the profitability of the Corporation. Such designations, including designations of such rail properties to a State, a profitable railroad, or a responsible person, may be made at any time prior to delivery of the final system plan to the special court under
                section 719(c) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Within 20 days after
                    February 5, 1976
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    achieve the efficient implementation of the final system plan, or
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    provide for the offer to profitable railroads of rail properties designated in the final system plan to the Corporation, if such properties are not essential in the operation of other rail properties of the Corporation but are or would be integrally related to the operation of rail properties of (or which are offered pursuant to the final system plan to) such profitable railroad, or
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    provide for the designation of additional rail properties to the Corporation or to a subsidiary thereof to enable the Corporation to serve efficiently a line of railroad designated to the Corporation in the final system plan if such line does not connect with any other line of railroad so designated to the Corporation or if such line would be served more efficiently as a consequence of such designation.
                Any designation to a profitable railroad pursuant to this paragraph shall comply with the second sentence of
                    section 716(d)(4) of this title
                    February 5, 1976
            (B) 
                (B)
                If a line of railroad or any segment thereof is designated for rail service in the final system plan, no designation may be made by the Association pursuant to this paragraph which would result in such line or segment not being so designated. Any designations made pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated for all purposes as if they had been included in the final system plan adopted by the Association and reviewed by the Congress. The final system plan shall for all purposes be deemed to be approved as amended by such designations.
            (C) 
                (C)
                Any designations made pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any court.
            (D) 
                (D)
                1 
                Any labor agreements entered into under section 778
                    1
                    1 
                        1
§ 719. Judicial review
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the final system plan which is adopted by the Association and which becomes effective after review by the Congress is not subject to review by any court except in accordance with this section. After the final system plan becomes effective under
                section 718 of this title
    (b) Special court
        (b)
        Special court
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 30 days after
                January 2, 1974
                section 1407 of title 28
                section 745 of this title
                section 745 of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The special court referred to in paragraph (1) of this subsection is abolished effective 90 days after
                October 19, 1996
            (A) 
                (A)
                Subsections (c), (e)(1), (e)(2), (f) and (g) of this section.
            (B) 
                (B)
                Sections 712(d)(3), (g), 717(a)(1), (b)(1), (b)(2), 718(d)(2), 741(e)(2), (g), (k)(3), (k)(15), 743(a)(1), (a)(2), (b)(1), (b)(6)(A), (c)(1), (c)(2), (c)(3), (c)(4), (c)(5), 744(a)(1)(B), (i)(3), 745(c), (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3), (d)(4), (d)(5), (d)(8), (e), (f)(1), (f)(2)(B), (f)(2)(D), (f)(2)(E), (f)(3), 746(a), (b), (c)(4), and 791(b)(3), (c) of this title).
            (C) 
                (C)
                Sections 1105(a) and 1115 of this title.
            (D) 
                (D)
                Sections 1323(2)(A)(iii), (2)(B), (2)(C), (3)(C), (3)(E), (4)(A) and 1324(b) of this title.
            (E) 
                (E)
                    Section 24907(b) of title 49
            (F) 
                (F)
                Any other Federal law (other than this subsection and section 605 of the Federal Courts Improvement Act of 1996), Executive order, rule, regulation, delegation of authority, or document of or relating to the special court as previously established under paragraph (1) of this subsection.
    (c) Delivery of plan to special court
        (c)
        Delivery of plan to special court
        Within 90 days after its effective date, the Association shall deliver a certified copy of the final system plan to the special court and shall certify to the special court—
        (1) 
            (1)
            which rail properties of the respective railroads in reorganization in the region and of any person leased, operated, or controlled by such railroads in reorganization are to be transferred to the Corporation, or any subsidiary thereof, in accordance with the final system plan;
        (2) 
            (2)
            1 
            which rail properties of the respective railroads in reorganization in the region or person leased,
                1
                1 
                    1
        (3) 
            (3)
            the amount, terms, and value of the securities of the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof (including any certificates of value of the Association) to be exchanged for those rail properties to be transferred to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof pursuant to the final system plan, and as indicated in paragraph (1) of this subsection; and
        (4) 
            (4)
            that the transfer of rail properties in exchange for securities of the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof (including any certificates of value of the Association) and other benefits is fair and equitable and in the public interest.
        Notwithstanding any other provisions of this subsection and subsection (d) of this section, the time for the delivery of a certified copy of the final system plan shall be
            March 12, 1976
            February 17, 1976
            section 743(a) of this title
    (d) Bankruptcy courts
        (d)
        Bankruptcy courts
        Within 90 days after its effective date, the Association shall deliver a certified copy of the final system plan to each district court of the United States or any other court having jurisdiction over a railroad in reorganization in the region and shall certify to each such court—
        (1) 
            (1)
            which rail properties of that railroad in reorganization are to be transferred to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof under the final system plan; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            which rail properties of that railroad in reorganization, if any, are to be conveyed to profitable railroads operating in the region, under the final system plan.
    (e) Original and exclusive jurisdiction
        (e)
        Original and exclusive jurisdiction
        (1) 
            (1)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any civil action—
            (A) 
                (A)
                for injunctive or other relief against the Association from the enforcement, operation, or execution of this chapter or any provision thereof, or from any action taken by the Association pursuant to authority conferred or purportedly conferred under this chapter;
            (B) 
                (B)
                challenging the constitutionality of this chapter or any provision thereof;
            (C) 
                (C)
                challenging the legality of any action of the Association, or any failure of the Association to take any action, pursuant to authority conferred or purportedly conferred under this chapter;
            (D) 
                (D)
                to obtain, inspect, copy, or review any document in the possession or control of the Association that would be discoverable in litigation pursuant to
                    section 743(c) of this title
            (E) 
                (E)
                brought after a conveyance, pursuant to
                    section 743(b) of this title
            (F) 
                (F)
                with respect to continuing reorganization and supplemental transactions, in accordance with
                    section 745 of this title
            shall be within the original and exclusive jurisdiction of the special court. The special court shall not hear or determine any such action prior to the date of conveyance, pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The original and exclusive jurisdiction of the special court shall include any action, whether filed by any interested person or initiated by the special court itself, to interpret, alter, amend, modify, or implement any of the orders entered by such court pursuant to
                section 743(b) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            An order or judgment of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia in any action referred to in this section shall be reviewable in accordance with sections 1291, 1292, and 1294 of title 28.
    (f) Disposition of cash deposits
        (f)
        Disposition of cash deposits
            Whenever the compensation which is deposited with the special court under
                section 743(a) of this title
                section 743(c) of this title
                section 743(c)(4) of this title
                section 743(a) of this title
                section 743(c)(4) of this title
                section 743(b) of this title
                section 743(c) of this title
    (g) Stay of court proceedings
        (g)
        Stay of court proceedings
            The special court may stay or enjoin any action or proceeding in any State court or in any court of the United States other than the Supreme Court or Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit if such action or proceeding is contrary to any provision of this chapter, impairs the effective implementation of this chapter, or interferes with the execution of any order of the special court pursuant to this chapter.
§ 720. Obligations of Association
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            To carry out the purposes of this chapter, the Association is authorized to issue bonds, debentures, trust certificates, securities, or other obligations (herein cited as “obligations”) in accordance with this section. Such obligations shall have such maturities and bear such rate or rates of interest as are determined by the Association with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury. Such obligations shall be redeemable at the option of the Association prior to maturity in the manner stipulated in each such obligation, and may be purchased by the Association in the open market at a price which is reasonable.
    (b) Maximum obligational authority
        (b)
        Maximum obligational authority
        The aggregate principal amount (exclusive of interest or additions to principal on account of accrual of interest) of obligations issued by the Association under this section which may be outstanding at any one time shall not exceed $395,000,000. No obligations or proceeds thereof shall be issued or made available after
            February 5, 1976
        (1) 
            (1)
            to meet existing or potential commitments for loans under
                section 721 of this title
                January 1, 1976
        (2) 
            (2)
            for the purpose of providing loans pursuant to subsections (g) and (h) of
                section 721 of this title
    (c) Guarantees
        (c)
        Guarantees
            The Secretary shall guarantee the payment of principal and interest on all obligations issued by the Association in accordance with this chapter and which the Association requests be guaranteed. All guarantees entered into by the Secretary under this section shall constitute general obligations of the United States for the payment of which its full faith and credit are pledged.
    (d) Validity
        (d)
        Validity
            No obligation issued by the Association under this section shall be terminated, canceled, or otherwise revoked, except in accordance with lawful terms and conditions prescribed by the Association. Such an obligation shall be conclusive evidence that it is in compliance with this section, has been approved, and is legal as to principal, interest, and other terms. An obligation of the Association shall be valid and incontestable in the hands of a holder, except as to fraud, duress, mutual mistake of fact, or material misrepresentation by or involving such holder.
    (e) The Secretary of the Treasury
        (e)
        The Secretary of the Treasury
            If at any time the moneys available to the Secretary are insufficient to enable him to discharge his responsibilities under subsection (c) of this section or under subsection (a) of
                section 746 of this title
    (f) Authorization for appropriations
        (f)
        Authorization for appropriations
            There are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such amounts as are necessary to discharge the obligations of the United States arising under this section.
    (g) Lawful investments
        (g)
        Lawful investments
            All obligations issued by the Association shall be lawful investments and may be accepted as security for all fiduciary, trust, and public funds, the investment or deposit of which shall be under the authority and control of the United States or any officer or officers thereof. All such obligations issued pursuant to this section shall be exempt securities within the meaning of laws administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
§ 721. Loans
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
        1 
            1 
            The Association is authorized, in accordance with the provisions of this section and such rules and regulations as it shall prescribe, to make loans to the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, and other railroads (including a railroad in reorganization which has been found to be reorganizable under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act pursuant to
                section 717(b) of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
    (b) Applications
        (b)
        Applications
            Each application for such a loan shall be made in writing to the Association in such form and with such content and other submissions as the Association shall prescribe to protect reasonably the interests of the United States. The Association shall publish a notice of the receipt of each such application in the Federal Register and shall afford interested persons an opportunity to comment thereon.
    (c) Terms and conditions
        (c)
        Terms and conditions
            Each loan shall be extended in such form, under such terms and conditions, and pursuant to such regulations as the Association deems appropriate. Such loan shall bear interest at a rate not less than the greater of a rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury taking into consideration (1) the rate prevailing in the private market for similar loans as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, or (2) the current average yield on outstanding marketable obligations of the Association with remaining periods of maturity comparable to the average maturities of such loans, plus such additional charge, if any, toward covering costs of the Association as the Association may determine to be consistent with the purposes of this chapter.
    (d) Modifications
        (d)
        Modifications
        The Association is authorized to approve any modification of any provision of a loan under this section, including the rate of interest, time of payment of interest or principal, security, or any other term or condition, upon agreement of the recipient of the loan and upon a finding by the Association that such modification is equitable and necessary or appropriate to achieve the policy declared in subsection (f) of this section. Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, in the case of a loan made under subsection (a) of this section to a railroad in the region, the Association is not required to make the findings with respect to subsections (e)(3) and (f) and may, upon the request of such railroad—
        (1) 
            (1)
            continue to make advances to such railroad pursuant to such loan, up to the total principal provided, as of
                November 8, 1978
        (2) 
            (2)
            increase the principal amount of such loan to such railroad, in an amount not to exceed $7,500,000, only if the Association makes the finding referred to in paragraph (1)(B) of this subsection and determines that such railroad is making a good faith effort to establish an employee stock ownership plan for review and approval by the Association. Any such approval shall be conditioned upon a written commitment that by
                December 31, 1980
        The Association may not take any action pursuant to the preceding sentence of this subsection after
            December 31, 1981
    (e) Prerequisites
        (e)
        Prerequisites
        The Association shall make a finding in writing, before making a loan to any applicant under this section, that—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the loan is necessary to achieve the goals of this chapter or to prevent insolvency;
        (2) 
            (2)
            it is satisfied that the business affairs of the applicant will be conducted in a reasonable and prudent manner; and
        (3) 
            (3)
            the applicant has offered such security as the Association deems necessary to protect reasonably the interests of the United States.
    (f) Policy
        (f)
        Policy
            It is the intent of Congress that loans made under this section shall be made on terms and conditions which furnish reasonable assurance that the Corporation or the railroads to which such loans are granted will be able to repay them within the time fixed and that the goals of this chapter are reasonably likely to be achieved.
    (g) Pre-conveyance loans to Corporation
        (g)
        Pre-conveyance loans to Corporation
        During the period between the effective date of the final system plan and the date of the conveyance of rail properties pursuant to
            section 743(b) of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            the most favorable terms and conditions for assuring timely repayment and security as may then be reasonably available, and
        (2) 
            (2)
            the requirement that any loan to the Corporation under this subsection be refinanced immediately out of the proceeds of the first sale by the issuance of debentures under
                section 726 of this title
        In order to assure that necessary funds are available to the Corporation for implementation of the final system plan, the Corporation is authorized to accept such loans as may be approved by the Association under this subsection, and any such acceptance shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute a reasonable and prudent business judgment in compliance with any fiduciary obligations imposed on the Corporation or its directors. For purposes of this subsection, the term “Corporation” includes a subsidiary of the Corporation.
    (h) Loans for payment of obligations
        (h)
        Loans for payment of obligations
        (1) 
            (1)
            (A) 
                (A)
                The Association is authorized, subject to the limitations set forth in
                    section 720(b) of this title
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    amounts claimed by suppliers (including private car lines) of materials or services utilized or purchased in current rail operations;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    claims by shippers arising from current rail services;
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    payments to railroads for settlement of current interline accounts and all other current accounts and obligations;
                (iv) 
                    (iv)
                    claims of employees arising under the collective-bargaining agreements of the railroads in reorganization in the region and subject to
                        section 153 of this title
                (v) 
                    (v)
                    claims of all employees or their personal representatives for personal injuries or death and subject to the provisions of Employers’ Liability Act (
                        45 U.S.C. 51–60
                (vi) 
                    (vi)
                    2 
                    amounts required for adequate funding of accrued pension benefits existing at the time of a conveyance or discontinuance of service under employee pension benefit plans described in section 775(a)
                        2
                        2 
                            2
                (vii) 
                    (vii)
                    amounts required to provide adequate funding for payment, when due, of claims deriving from membership in any employee voluntary relief plan which provides benefits to its members and their beneficiaries in the event of sickness, accident, disability, or death, and to which both a railroad in reorganization and employee members have made contributions;
                (viii) 
                    (viii)
                    3 
                    amounts required to provide adequate funding for continuation, by the Corporation, of medical and life insurance coverage and benefits for retired employees of railroads in reorganization as required and limited by
                        section 743(b)(6)(B) of this title
                        3
                        3 
                            3
                (ix) 
                    (ix)
                    amounts required to discharge the obligations of each such railroad in reorganization to nonemployee claimants for personal injuries suffered during the period such railroad has been in reorganization; and
                (x) 
                    (x)
                    amounts required to discharge any obligation of a railroad in reorganization in the region to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, arising out of a contract between such railroad in reorganization and such Corporation under which such railroad in reorganization is required to provide a suitable rail passenger station, in any case in which such railroad in reorganization sold a rail passenger station pursuant to a judicial order of condemnation prior to
                        April 1, 1976
            (B) 
                (B)
                4 
                The Association shall make a loan pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this paragraph if, notwithstanding any other requirement of this subsection, it finds that the Corpration,
                    4
                    4 
                        4
                    2
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    provision for the payment of such obligation was not included in the financial projections of the final system plan;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    such obligation arose from rail operations prior to the date of conveyance of rail properties pursuant to
                        section 743(b)(1) of this title
                        October 19, 1976
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad has advised the Association that the direct payment of such obligation by the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad is for services or materials, the furnishing of which served to avoid disruptions in ordinary business relationships prior to the date of conveyance of rail properties pursuant to
                        section 743(b)(1) of this title
                (iv) 
                    (iv)
                    the transferor is unable to pay such obligation within a reasonable period of time; and
                (v) 
                    (v)
                    with respect to loans made to the Corporation, the procedures to be followed by the Corporation, in seeking reimbursement from a railroad in reorganization in the region for an obligation paid on its behalf under this subsection, have been jointly agreed to by the Finance Committee and the Corporation, and the joint agreement—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        provides for the Corporation to receive reimbursement from the Association for any expenses incurred in seeking reimbursement from any railroad in reorganization in the region for an obligation paid on its behalf under this subsection; and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        includes a stipulation of the exact procedures the Corporation shall undertake to avoid the finding, referred to in paragraph (6)(A)(i) of this subsection, that it has not exercised due diligence.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The trustees of each railroad in reorganization in the region shall attempt to negotiate agency agreements with the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad for the processing of all accounts receivable and accounts payable attributable to operations prior to the conveyance of property pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
                October 19, 1976
                October 19, 1976
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Association may, not less than 30 days prior to the date of conveyance pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
            (A) 
                (A)
                identifies that cash and other current assets of the estate of such railroad which shall be utilized to satisfy obligations of the estates identified in paragraph (1) of this subsection; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                provides for the application by the trustees of such railroads and their agents, consistent with the principles of reorganization under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act and with the agency agreement specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection, of all such current assets, including cash available as of or subsequent to such date of conveyance, to the payment in the postconveyance period of the obligations of the estates identified in paragraph (1) of this subsection.
        (4) 
            (4)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Each obligation of a railroad in reorganization in the region which is paid with financial assistance under paragraph (1) of this subsection shall be processed, on behalf of such railroad, by the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad, whichever is appropriate. An obligation of a railroad in reorganization in the region shall be paid, on behalf of such railroad, by the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad, whichever is appropriate, if—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    such obligation is deemed by the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad, whichever is appropriate, to have been, on the date of conveyance of rail properties pursuant to
                        section 743(b)(1) of this title
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    such obligation accrues after such date of conveyance but as a result of rail operations conducted prior to such date, and the trustees of such railroad in reorganization acknowledge that it is an obligation of such railroad; or
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    the district court of the United States having jurisdiction over such railroad in reorganization in the region approves such obligation as a valid administrative claim against such railroad;
                to the extent that payment is required under a loan agreement with the Association under such paragraph (1).
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Association shall resolve any disputes among the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, and a profitable railroad concerning which of them shall process and pay any particular obligation on behalf of a particular railroad in reorganization.
            (C) 
                (C)
                The Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad shall have a direct claim, as a current expense of administration, for reimbursement from the estate of a railroad in reorganization in the region for all obligations of such estate (plus interest thereon) which are paid by the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad, as the case may be. The right of the Corporation or the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to receive reimbursement under this subparagraph from the estate of a railroad in reorganization in the region shall be reduced by the amount, if any, of loans, plus interest forgiven under paragraph (5) of this subsection.
            (D) 
                (D)
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    Except as provided in clause (ii) of this subparagraph, any funds held in an escrow account by a railroad in reorganization on
                        October 19, 1976
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        first, to the reduction of any outstanding loans to the Corporation by the Association, pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection, the proceeds of which were used to discharge obligations of such railroad in reorganization;
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        second, to the Association to the extent of any such loans which have been forgiven pursuant to paragraph (5) of this subsection; and
                    (III) 
                        (III)
                        third, to the payment of any remaining obligations of such railroad in reorganization, in accordance with the provision of the agency agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    The manner of disposition set forth in clause (i) of this subparagraph shall not apply with respect to a railroad in reorganization if the Secretary (I) determines that a different disposition of assets is necessary to carry out a reorganization plan of such railroad in reorganization, and that such different disposition adequately protects the interests of the United States, and (II) transmits his determination to the court having jurisdiction over the reorganization of such railroad.
        (5) 
            (5)
            (A) 
                (A)
                If, at any time, the Finance Committee of the Association determines that the failure of the Corporation to receive full reimbursement with interest from the estate of a railroad in reorganization in the region for any obligation of such estate paid pursuant to this subsection could adversely affect the fairness and equity of the transfers and conveyances pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                The direct claim of the Association under this paragraph, and any direct claim authorized under paragraph (4) of this subsection, shall be prior to all other administrative claims of the estate of a railroad in reorganization, except claims arising under trustee’s certificates or from default on the payment of such certificates. The Corporation, the National Rail Passenger Corporation, or a profitable railroad, as the case may be, shall, with respect to each direct claim for reimbursement pursuant to paragraph (4) of this subsection, file a proof of administrative expense claim with the trustees of the railroad in reorganization from whom reimbursement is sought. Each such proof of administrative expense claim shall set forth, by category and amount, the obligations of such railroad in reorganization which were paid pursuant to such paragraph (4).
        (6) 
            (6)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the Association shall forgive any loan made to the Corporation or the National Railroad Passenger Corporation pursuant to this subsection, plus accrued interest thereon, on the 3rd anniversary date of any such loan, except that the Association shall not forgive any loan or portion thereof, in accordance with this paragraph, if—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    the Finance Committee makes an affirmative finding, with respect to such loan or portion thereof, that—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the Corporation has not exercised due diligence in executing the procedures adopted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B)(v) of this subsection, and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        the failure of the Association to forgive such loan or portion thereof will not adversely affect the ability of the Corporation to become financially self-sustaining;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    the Finance Committee so directs the Association; and
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    neither House of the Congress disapproves such affirmative finding and direction, in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.
                A copy of each such finding, the reasons therefor, and such direction made by the Finance Committee, together with the comments and recommendations thereon of the Board of Directors of the Association, shall be transmitted to the Congress by the Association within 10 days after the date on which the Finance Committee makes such finding and direction, or if not so transmitted, shall be transmitted by the Finance Committee. Each such finding and direction so transmitted shall become effective immediately, and shall remain in effect, unless, within the first period of 30 calendar days of continuous session of Congress after the date of transmittal of such finding and direction to Congress, either House of Congress disapproves such finding and direction in accordance with the procedures specified in
                    section 688 of title 2
                    section 682(5) of title 2
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Association shall have a direct claim, as a current expense of administration of the estate of the railroad in reorganization whose obligations were paid with the proceeds of loans forgiven under this paragraph, equal to the amount by which the loans, plus interest, have been forgiven. Such direct claim shall not be subject to any reduction by way of setoff, cross-claim, or counterclaim which the estate of such railroad in reorganization may be entitled to assert against the Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, the Association, or the United States. The direct claim of the Association under this paragraph shall be prior to all other administrative claims of the estate of the railroad in reorganization, except claims arising under trustee’s certificates or from default on the payment of such certificates.
        (7) 
            (7)
            For purposes of this subsection, the term “Corporation” includes a subsidiary of the Corporation.
§ 722. Records, audit, and examination
    (a) Records
        (a)
        Records
            Each recipient of financial assistance under this subchapter, whether in the form of loans, obligations, or other arrangements, shall keep such records as the Association or the Secretary shall prescribe, including records which fully disclose the amount and disposition by such recipient of the proceeds of such assistance and such other records as will facilitate an effective audit.
    (b) Audit and examination
        (b)
        Audit and examination
        The Association, the Secretary, and the Comptroller General of the United States, or any of their duly authorized representatives shall, until the expiration of 3 years after the implementation of the final system plan, have access for the purpose of audit and examination to any books, documents, papers, and records of such recipients which in the opinion of the Association, the Secretary, or the Comptroller General may be related or pertinent to the loans, obligations or other arrangements referred to in subsection (a) of this section. The Association or any of its duly authorized representatives shall, until any financial assistance received under this subchapter has been repaid to the Association, have access to any such materials which concern any matter that may bear upon—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the ability of the recipient of such financial assistance to make repayment within the time fixed therefor;
        (2) 
            (2)
            the effectiveness with which the proceeds of such assistance is used; and
        (3) 
            (3)
            the implementation of the final system plan and the realization of the declaration of policy of this chapter.
§ 723. Emergency assistance pending implementation
    (a) Emergency assistance
        (a)
        Emergency assistance
            The Secretary is authorized, pending the implementation of the final system plan, to pay to the trustees of railroads in reorganization such sums as are necessary for the continued provision of essential transportation services by such railroads. Such payments shall be made by the Secretary upon such reasonable terms and conditions as the Secretary establishes, except that recipients must agree to maintain and provide service at a level no less than that in effect on
                January 2, 1974
                section 725 of this title
                section 725(b) of this title
    (b) Authorization of appropriations
        (b)
        Authorization of appropriations
            There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for carrying out this section such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $282,000,000, to remain available until expended. Of amounts authorized to be appropriated under this subsection, $50,000,000 shall be available solely to pay to the trustees of railroads in reorganization such sums as may be necessary to provide such railroads with amounts equal to revenues attributable to tariff increases proposed by such railroads and suspended by the Interstate Commerce Commission during the calendar year 1975, if the Secretary determines that such payments are necessary to carry out this section.
§ 724. Authorization of appropriations
    (a) Secretary
        (a)
        Secretary
            There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for purposes of preparing the reports and exercising other functions to be performed by him under this chapter such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $12,500,000, to remain available until expended. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to discharge the obligations of the United States arising under
                section 743(c)(5) of this title
    (b) Office
        (b)
        Office
            There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission for the use of the Office in carrying out its functions under this chapter such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $7,000,000, to remain available until expended. The budget for the Office shall be submitted by the Commission directly to the Congress and shall not be subject to review of any kind by any other agency or official of the United States. Moneys appropriated for the Office shall not be withheld by any agency or official of the United States or used by the Commission for any purpose other than the use of the Office. No part of any other moneys appropriated to the Commission shall be withheld by any other agency or official of the United States to offset any moneys appropriated pursuant to this subsection.
    (c) Association
        (c)
        Association
            There are authorized to be appropriated to the Association for purposes of carrying out its administrative expenses under this chapter not to exceed $13,000,000 for the fiscal year ending
                September 30, 1982
                September 30, 1983
§ 725. Interim agreements
    (a) Purposes
        (a)
        Purposes
        Prior to the date upon which rail properties are conveyed to the Corporation under this chapter, the Secretary, with the approval of the Association, is authorized to enter into agreements with the trustees of the railroads in reorganization in the region (or railroads leased, operated, or controlled by railroads in reorganization)—
        (1) 
            (1)
            to perform the program maintenance on designated rail properties of such railroads until the date rail properties are conveyed under this chapter;
        (2) 
            (2)
            to improve rail properties of such railroads; and
        (3) 
            (3)
            to acquire rail properties for lease or loan to any such railroads until the date such rail properties are conveyed under this chapter, and subsequently for conveyance pursuant to the final system plan, or to acquire interests in such rail properties owned by or leased to any such railroads or in purchase money obligations therefor.
    (b) Conditions
        (b)
        Conditions
        Agreements pursuant to subsection (a) of this section shall contain such reasonable terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe. In addition, agreements under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) of this section shall provide that—
        (1) 
            (1)
            to the extent that physical condition is used as a basis for determining, under section 716(f) or 743(c) of this title, the value of properties subject to such an agreement and designated for transfer to the Corporation under the final system plan, the physical condition of the properties on the effective date of the agreement shall be used; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            in the event that property subject to the agreement is sold, leased, or transferred to an entity other than the Corporation, the trustees or railroad shall pay or assign to the Secretary that portion of the proceeds of such sale, lease, or transfer which reflects value attributable to the maintenance and improvement provided pursuant to the agreement.
    (c) Obligations
        (c)
        Obligations
            Notwithstanding
                section 720(b) of this title
                section 720(a) of this title
    (d) Conveyance
        (d)
        Conveyance
            The Secretary may convey to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, with or without receipt of consideration, any property or interests acquired by, transferred to, or otherwise held by the Secretary pursuant to this section or
                section 723 of this title
§ 726. Debentures and series A preferred stock
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            The Association is authorized, in accordance with the provisions of this section, and such rules and regulations as it may prescribe, to invest from time to time in the securities of the Corporation by purchasing (1) up to $1,000,000,000 of debentures issued by the Corporation, and (2) after the acquisition of such debentures, up to $2,629,000,000 of the series A preferred stock of the Corporation.
    (b) Purposes and procedure for investment
        (b)
        Purposes and procedure for investment
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Association is authorized to purchase debentures and, thereafter, series A preferred stock of the Corporation at such times and in such amounts as may be required and requested by the Corporation in accordance with the terms and conditions governing such purchases (which shall be prescribed by the Association), to provide—
            (A) 
                (A)
                for the modernization, rehabilitation and maintenance of rail properties of the Corporation;
            (B) 
                (B)
                for the acquisition of equipment and other capital needs;
            (C) 
                (C)
                for the refinancing of indebtedness which was incurred by the Corporation under
                    section 721 of this title
                    section 725 of this title
            (D) 
                (D)
                working capital as contemplated by the final system plan.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Purchases of up to $1,000,000,000 of debentures and, thereafter, of up to $2,300,000,000 of series A preferred stock shall be made by the Association as required and requested by the Corporation, unless the Finance Committee makes an affirmative finding that—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the Corporation has failed in any material respect to comply with any covenants or undertakings made to the Association and such failure remains uncorrected;
            (B) 
                (B)
                the Corporation has failed substantially (as determined by performance within the margins prescribed by the Board of Directors) to attain the overall operating (including rehabilitation) and financial results projected for the Corporation in the final system plan (including any modifications of such projected results and of the performance margins applicable to such projected results which are jointly approved by the Finance Committee and the Board of Directors and which would improve the possibility that the Corporation will attain such projected results and perform within such margins, as modified); or
            (C) 
                (C)
                it is not reasonably likely, taking into consideration all relevant factors including the overall operating (including rehabilitation) and financial results achieved by the Corporation, that the Corporation will be able to become financially self-sustaining without requiring Federal financial assistance substantially in excess of the amounts authorized in this section.
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                1 
                Amounts transferred to the Association pursuant to section 509(b)(1)
                    1
                    1 
                        1
            (B) 
                (B)
                An employee who ceases to be an employee as a result of the reduction of work force under a program implemented pursuant to this paragraph shall not, by reason of so ceasing to be an employee, or by reason of any work or employment entered into after so ceasing to be an employee, lose such employee’s current connection with the railroad industry for the purposes of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 [
                    45 U.S.C. 231
        (4) 
            (4)
            Purchases of up to $329,000,000 of a series A preferred stock shall be made by the Association, subject to the availability of appropriations, as required and requested by the Corporation, if the Finance Committee makes an affirmative finding that the Corporation has taken appropriate action to eliminate losses on light density lines and other lines which are unprofitable. Such action shall include the imposition of surcharges on such lines, the abandonment of such lines, and the transfer of such lines.
        (5) 
            (5)
            The authority of the Association to purchase debentures or series A preferred stock of the Corporation shall terminate
                October 21, 1986
    (c) Finding, direction, and review by Congress
        (c)
        Finding, direction, and review by Congress
        (1) 
            (1)
            If the Finance Committee makes an affirmative finding pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of this section, it may direct the Association—
            (A) 
                (A)
                not to purchase any debentures or series A preferred stock of the Corporation after the date of such affirmative finding; or
            (B) 
                (B)
                to purchase debentures or series A preferred stock of the Corporation, after the date of such affirmative finding, only in such amounts, at such times, and on such terms and conditions (notwithstanding subsection (e)(1) of this section) as the Finance Committee determines to be appropriate to the role of the Association as an investor in such debentures and series A preferred stock.
        (2) 
            (2)
            A copy of each affirmative finding, the reasons therefor, and each direction made by the Finance Committee under paragraph (1) of this subsection, together with the comments and recommendations thereon of the Board of Directors of the Association, shall be transmitted to the Congress by the Association within 10 days after the date on which the Finance Committee makes such finding and direction, or if not so transmitted, shall be transmitted by the Finance Committee. Each such direction so transmitted shall become finally effective and is required to be implemented by the Association, unless within the first period of 30 calendar days of continuous session of Congress after the date of its transmittal to Congress either House of Congress disapproves such direction (except that such direction shall become finally effective immediately upon approval of such direction by both Houses of Congress) in accordance with the procedures specified in
                section 688 of title 2
                section 682(5) of title 2
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the Congress, pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection, disapproves a direction submitted to the Association pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Association shall continue to purchase the debentures or series A preferred stock of the Corporation as otherwise provided in this subchapter until such time as a direction is submitted under this section which is not so disapproved (or affirmatively approved). The powers of the Association and of the Board of Directors of the Association shall remain in effect except to the extent modified by any such direction. If any such direction is disapproved by either House of Congress, the Finance Committee may, not earlier than 30 days after the date of such disapproval, make (and the Board of Directors of the Association shall transmit) any additional affirmative finding and direction with respect to the same matter, which direction shall become effective in accordance with paragraph (2) of this subsection. An affirmative finding and direction under this subsection, or action by the Association during a review thereof by the Congress, may not be held unlawful or set aside by any reviewing court on the ground that such finding and direction or action were not adequate to meet the requirements of subparagraph (A), (E), or (F) of
                section 706(2) of title 5
        (4) 
            (4)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, or any terms and conditions governing its purchase of securities of the Corporation, the Association shall, upon written application by the Corporation at least 30 days prior to such investment, make an initial investment in debentures of the Corporation within 60 days after the date of conveyance of rail properties pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            Not later than 60 days after the date of conveyance pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
                section 741(d) of this title
    (d) Terms and conditions
        (d)
        Terms and conditions
        Notwithstanding any other provision of State law, the debentures and the series A preferred stock of the Corporation shall have such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the final system plan or this subchapter, as may be prescribed by the Association, except as follows:
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation shall not be required to issue to the Association additional shares of series A preferred stock of the Corporation as a dividend on any such stock.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The dividends payable on series A preferred stock of the Corporation shall not be cumulative and shall be paid in cash when and to the extent that there is “cash available for restricted cash payments”, as that term is defined in the final system plan.
        (3) 
            (3)
            After the Association calls for redemption of the certificates of value, no shares of series A preferred stock of the Corporation shall be issued in lieu of interest on the debentures of the Corporation and, to the extent such interest is not payable in cash by reason of the absence of sufficient “cash available for restricted cash payment”, the Corporation shall deliver to the holders of the debentures contingent interest notes in a face amount equal to such unpaid interest.
        (4) 
            (4)
            If the Board of Directors of the Association and the Finance Committee, acting jointly, modify the terms or conditions governing the purchase of debentures or series A preferred stock of the Corporation pursuant to subsection (e)(1) of this section, or if the Finance Committee waives compliance with any term, condition, provision, or covenant of such securities pursuant to subsection (e)(2) of this section, the Finance Committee may require the Corporation to issue contingent interest notes in such amount as, in the determination of the Finance Committee, will provide protection for the United States, in the event of bankruptcy, reorganization, or receivership of the Corporation, equal to the protection the United States would have had in the absence of such modification or waiver.
        (5) 
            (5)
            The contingent interest notes issued pursuant to this section shall bear interest compounded annually at the rate of 8 percent per annum and such notes and the accumulated interest thereon shall be payable only in the event of bankruptcy, reorganization, or receivership of the Corporation occurring prior to the repayment and redemption of all outstanding debentures and accumulated series A preferred stock of the Corporation. The contingent interest notes and the accumulated interest thereon shall have the same priority in bankruptcy, reorganization, or receivership as the debentures of the Corporation. The other terms and conditions of the contingent interest notes shall be as set forth in an agreement to be entered into between the Association and the Corporation prior to issuance of any debentures.
    (e) Modifications, waivers, and conversions
        (e)
        Modifications, waivers, and conversions
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Board of Directors of the Association and the Finance Committee, acting jointly, may agree with the Corporation to modify any of the terms and conditions governing the purchase by the Association of securities of the Corporation, upon a finding that such action is necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this chapter or the goals of the final system plan.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Finance Committee may, in its discretion and upon a finding that such action is necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this chapter or the goals of the final system plan, waive compliance with any term, condition, provision, or covenant of the securities of the Corporation held by the Association, including any provision of such securities with respect to redemption of principal or issuance price, payment of interest or dividends, or any term or condition governing the purchase of such securities.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Notwithstanding any provision of State law, there shall be no conversion of the debentures of the Corporation into series A preferred stock of the Corporation, as provided in the terms and conditions of the debentures and pursuant to the final system plan, unless the Board of Directors of the Association and the Finance Committee jointly determine to effect such conversion.
    (f) Employee stock ownership plan
        (f)
        Employee stock ownership plan
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Association shall not invest the final $345,000,000 of the additional investment in the Corporation authorized by the Regional Rail Reorganization Act Amendments of 1978 unless and until (A) the Corporation has in effect an employee stock ownership plan which satisfies the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3), and (B) the requirements of the other paragraphs of this subsection have been satisfied.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The employee stock ownership plan shall:
            (A) 
                (A)
                provide:
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    for a transfer to the plan and allocation to the accounts of plan participants in periodic installments of Series A preferred stock of the Corporation with a stated redemption value of at least $345,000,000 or any other securities in an amount determined by the Association, with the concurrence of the Finance Committee, as constituting a meaningful interest in the Corporation, or any combination thereof so determined by the Association, with the concurrence of the Finance Committee. The use of Series A preferred stock to fund the Employee Stock Ownership Plan shall not be interpreted to relieve ConRail of the responsibility for repaying in full to the United States Railway Association its indebtedness as represented by all shares originally issued under
                        Public Law 94–210
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    for immediate vesting of the rights of participants to such securities upon allocation, subject to defeasance as a result of the plan’s termination which termination shall occur in the event that, by the end of the 120th month beginning after the month in which securities or interests therein are first allocated to participants’ accounts, the Corporation has not attained for two consecutive quarters positive net income and a freight labor cost to freight revenue ratio equal to the average such ratio for all Class I railroads in 1977, as determined pursuant to procedures adopted by the Corporation pursuant to regulations promulgated by the Association with the concurrence of the Finance Committee;
            (B) 
                (B)
                be an employee benefit plan which is designed to invest primarily in employer securities;
            (C) 
                (C)
                meets such other requirements (similar to requirements applicable to employee stock ownership plans as defined in
                    section 4975(e)(7) of title 26
            (D) 
                (D)
                have been approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner which may be required by the Corporation’s articles of incorporation and bylaws then in effect; and
            (E) 
                (E)
                have been prepared in consultation with, and been approved by, the Association and the Finance Committee.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if a plan does not meet the requirements of
                section 401 of title 26
            (A) 
                (A)
                stock transferred under paragraph (2) and allocated to the account of any participant under paragraph (2) shall not be considered income of the participant or his beneficiary under title 26 until such stock or dividends are actually distributed or made available to the participant or his beneficiary and, at such time, shall be taxable under
                    section 72 of title 26
            (B) 
                (B)
                no amount shall be allocated to any participant under the plan in excess of the amount which might be allocated if the plan met the requirements of
                    section 401 of title 26
            (C) 
                (C)
                the plan must meet the requirements of sections 410 and 415 of title 26.
        (4) 
            (4)
            The Corporation shall adopt such terms and conditions governing the securities of interests therein to be transferred to the plan (including limitations on voting rights) as the Association, with the concurrence of the Finance Committee, determines are necessary to protect reasonably the interests of the United States in the litigation pursuant to
                section 743(c) of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            2 
            The Corporation, the Association, and a representative appointed by the Chairman of the Railway Labor Executives’ Association as representative of all the classes or crafts of employees of the Corporation shall engage in negotiations to agree upon a plan in accordance with the provisions of this subsection. For purposes of this subsection, the Railway Labor Executives’ Association shall be deemed to represent all of the representatives of crafts or classes of employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as though that organization held powers of attorney from each representative of a craft or class for the limited purposes of negotiating and agreeing upon an employee stock ownership plan. The parties shall incorporate their agreement into a written plan instrument specifying the terms and conditions set forth in this subsection and such other terms and conditions as they may decide upon, with the concurrence of the Finance Committee, unless the parties are unable to reach on
                2
                2 
                    2
                45 U.S.C. 151
                45 U.S.C. 156
                November 1, 1978
        (6) 
            (6)
            Within fourteen months of
                November 1, 1978
        (7) 
            (7)
            For the purposes of this subsection, the officers of each duly authorized representative of the crafts or classes of the employees of the Corporation who have been given leaves of absence by the Corporation to serve as such officers, are to be eligible to participate in such plan on the same basis as are employees whose employment is governed by a collective bargaining agreement with the Corporation.
        (8) 
            (8)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Except as provided in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, no person described in subparagraph (C) of this paragraph shall have or be subject to any fiduciary responsibility, obligation, or duty, nor shall any such person be subject to civil liability, under any Federal or State law, as a fiduciary or otherwise—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    in connection with the employee stock ownership plan and related trust established by the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of this subsection or with ConRail Equity Corporation (I) on account of any reorganization or restructuring of the Corporation, its successors or assigns, or their assets or capital structure, or (II) on account of any action taken or not taken by the Corporation which may affect its ability to attain the performance levels established in connection with the plan pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(ii) of this subsection;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    for or in connection with the establishment, continuation or implementation of the plan and related trust or of ConRail Equity Corporation or the acquisition of, investment in or retention of any security of the Corporation or ConRail Equity Corporation, or of any of their successors and assigns, by the plan or ConRail Equity Corporation, or the disposition of any such security to the extent that such disposition is made in connection with a reorganization or restructuring of the Corporation, its successors and assigns, or their assets or capital structure, as directed or approved by or on behalf of the Association or the United States, or the acquisition or retention of any cash, security or other property received in connection with any such reorganization or restructuring; or
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    for or in connection with any other action taken or not taken pursuant to any term or condition of the plan or related trust agreement or of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of ConRail Equity Corporation.
                Any directions described in clauses (i)(I), (ii), or (iii) shall be taken at the direction, or with the consent, of the Association or of the Secretary or his designate.
            (B) 
                (B)
                Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall not be interpreted to relieve any person from any fiduciary or other responsibility, obligation or duty under any Federal or State law to take or not to take actions with respect to the plan in connection with (i) receiving contributions, (ii) exercising custodial responsibilities, (iii) determining eligibility to participate in the plan, (iv) calculating, determining and paying benefits, (v) processing and deciding claims, (vi) preparing and distributing plan information, benefit statements, returns and reports, (vii) maintaining plan records, (viii) appointing plan fiduciaries and other persons to advise or assist in plan administration and (ix) other than as provided in subparagraph (A), acquiring, holding or disposing of plan assets.
            (C) 
                (C)
                For purposes of subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, the term “person” includes each of the following:
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    the trustee or trustees of the plan, the Corporation and its subsidiaries, ConRail Equity Corporation, the Association, and any of their successors and assigns;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    3 
                    each director, officer, employee and agent of the Corporation of
                        3
                        3 
                            3
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    each member of the Finance Committee and any of their employees and agents.
            (D) 
                (D)
                Neither this paragraph nor paragraph (9) of this subsection shall be construed to grant immunity from any criminal law of the United States or of any State or the District of Columbia.
        (9) 
            (9)
            The United States shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the persons described in paragraph (8)(C) of this subsection from and against any and all liabilities, claims, actions, judgments, amounts paid in settlement, and costs and expenses (including reasonable fees of accountants, experts, and attorneys) actually incurred in connection with the establishment, implementation, or operation of the plan or ConRail Equity Corporation or with any transaction which is required by or is appropriate to effectuate fully the provisions of this subsection, except as may arise in connection with the execution of a responsibility, obligation, or duty excluded from paragraph (8)(A) by paragraph (8)(B), if it is determined that such persons were acting in good faith. The indemnity provided in this paragraph shall be a full faith and credit obligation of the United States.
        (10) 
            (10)
            4 
            All securities of the Corporation, all securities of any subsidiary of the Corporation and of ConRail Equity Corporation, and all interests in the employee stock ownership plan which are issued or transferred in connection with the employee stock ownership plan established by the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been issued subject to and authorized and approved pursuant to section 11301(b)
                4
                4 
                    4
    (g) Authorization of appropriations; reappropriation of funds
        (g)
        Authorization of appropriations; reappropriation of funds
        (1) 
            (1)
            There is authorized to be appropriated to the Association $3,629,000,000 to be used for the purchase of securities of the Corporation in accordance with this section. All sums received by the Association on account of the holding or disposition of any such securities shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury.
        (2) 
            (2)
            To the extent provided in appropriation Acts, any funds appropriated under the authority of paragraph (1) of this subsection prior to
                January 14, 1983
§ 727. Additional purchases of Series A preferred stock
    (a) Federal investment
        (a)
        Federal investment
            In addition to the authority provided under
                section 726 of this title
                August 13, 1981
    (b) Accounts receivable
        (b)
        Accounts receivable
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            In any further purchase under this section or
                section 726 of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            From funds provided under this section or
                section 726 of this title
    (c) States and localities
        (c)
        States and localities
            The Corporation shall be exempt from liability for any State tax, except for any tax imposed by any political subdivision of a State applicable to any taxable period commencing before
                January 1, 1987
    (d) Debentures
        (d)
        Debentures
            The Association shall return debentures to the Corporation in an amount equal to the value of the properties conveyed by the Corporation to Amtrak Commuter and any commuter authority.
    (e) Rights retained
        (e)
        Rights retained
            The Corporation shall retain the right to collect any accounts receivable attributable to delays in reimbursement from commuter authorities that are purchased by the Association under this section. No agency or instrumentality of the United States shall be required to collect such accounts.
    (f) Authorization of appropriations
        (f)
        Authorization of appropriations
        (1) 
            (1)
            There is authorized to be appropriated not to exceed $262,000,000—
            (A) 
                (A)
                of which not to exceed $137,000,000 shall be appropriated to the Association for purposes of purchasing securities and accounts receivable of the Corporation under this section, such sums to remain available until the Secretary transfers the Corporation under subchapter IV
                    1
            (B) 
                (B)
                of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall be appropriated to the Secretary, to facilitate the transfer of rail commuter services from the Corporation to other operators, for distribution under the statutory provisions of section 1139(b) of the Northeast Rail Service Act of 1981;
            (C) 
                (C)
                of which not to exceed $35,000,000 shall be appropriated to the Secretary to be allocated for employee protection under
                    section 1005 of this title
            (D) 
                (D)
                of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall be appropriated to the Secretary to facilitate the transfer of rail commuter services from railroads that entered reorganization after calendar year 1974 to any commuter authority that was providing commuter service, operated by a railroad that entered reorganization after calendar year 1974, as of
                    January 1, 1979
        (2) 
            (2)
            All sums received on account of the holding or disposition of any securities or accounts receivable referred to in paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury.
        (3) 
            (3)
            The amount authorized to be appropriated under paragraph (1)(B) of this subsection shall be reduced, in an amount equal to any amounts reappropriated under the authority of
                section 726(g)(2) of this title
§ 728. Reports to Congress
    (a) Progress and evaluation
        (a)
        Progress and evaluation
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            The Association shall prepare and submit to Congress periodic reports on the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the provisions of subchapters II, III, and IV
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            Reports submitted under paragraph (1) of this subsection shall also include an evaluation of the performance of the Corporation in order to keep the Congress informed as to matters which may affect the quality of rail service in the Northeast and which may affect the security of Federal funds invested in the Corporation.
    (b) Transfer agreements
        (b)
        Transfer agreements
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Association shall prepare and submit to Congress a final report on the transfer agreements which the Secretary is required to transmit to Congress under section 767
                1
        (2) 
            (2)
            The report submitted under paragraph (1) of this subsection shall include an evaluation of the effect of the transfer agreements on rail service in the Northeast, railroad employees, the economy of the Region, other railroads in the Northeast and elsewhere, and any other matter which the Association considers appropriate. Such report shall also include recommendations with respect to approval, disapproval, or modification of the transfer agreements.
§ 729. Advisory Board
        Members of the Board of Directors of the Association serving on the day before
            August 13, 1981
§ 741. Formation and structure
    (a) Establishment
        (a)
        Establishment
            There shall be established within 300 days after
                January 2, 1974
    (b) Status
        (b)
        Status
            The Corporation shall be a for-profit corporation established under the laws of a State and shall not be an agency or instrumentality of the Federal Government. The Corporation shall be deemed a rail carrier subject to part A of subtitle IV of title 49, shall be subject to the provisions of this Act and, to the extent not inconsistent with such Act and subtitle IV of title 49, shall be subject to applicable State law. The principal office of the Corporation or of its principal railroad operating subsidiary shall be located in Philadelphia in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
    (c) Incorporators
        (c)
        Incorporators
        (1) 
            (1)
            The members of the executive committee of the Association shall be the incorporators of the Corporation and shall take whatever steps are necessary to establish the Corporation, including the filing of articles of incorporation.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Notwithstanding any provision of State law, after
                February 5, 1976
    (d) Board of Directors
        (d)
        Board of Directors
        (1) 
            (1)
            Notwithstanding any provision of State law, the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Corporation shall provide that the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall consist of 13 members selected in accordance with the articles and bylaws of the Corporation, as follows:
            (A) 
                (A)
                six individuals selected by the holders of the Corporation’s debentures and series A preferred stock voting as one class, with every $100 principal amount of debentures, and every $100 liquidation amount of series A preferred stock each receiving one vote for directors;
            (B) 
                (B)
                three individuals selected by the holders of the Corporation’s series B preferred stock; and
            (C) 
                (C)
                two individuals selected by the holders of the Corporation’s common stock.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The chief executive officer and the chief operating officer of the Corporation shall also serve on the Board, but the chief executive officer and chief operating officer of the Corporation shall not be entitled to vote on the election or removal of either. In the event a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors due to death, disability or resignation of a director, such vacancy shall be filled only by a vote of the holders of the class of securities that initially elected such director.
    (e) Initial capitalization
        (e)
        Initial capitalization
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation is authorized to issue debentures, series A preferred stock, series B preferred stock, common stock, contingent interest notes, and other securities.
        (2) 
            (2)
            1 
            Debentures and series A preferred stock shall be issued initially to the Association. Series B preferred stock and common stock shall be issued initially to the estates of railroads in reorganization in the region, to railroads leased, operated, and controlled by railroads in reorganization in the region, and to other persons leased, operated or controlled by a railroad in reorganization who are transferors of rail properties in exchange for rail properties transferred to the Corporation pursuant to the final system plan. Notwithstanding any other provisions of State or Federal law, the series B preferred stock and common stock shall have terms and conditions not inconsistent with the final system plan. As a condition of its investment in the Corporation, the Association may require that the Corporation adopt limitations consistent with the final system plan on the circumstances under which dividends on the series B preferred stock and common stock are payable so long as any of the debentures or series A preferred stock are outstanding. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the final system plan, the initial authorized number of shares of series B preferred stock may be 35,000,000, and the Corporation may issue initially for the purpose of the deposit required under
                section 743(a)(1) of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
    (f) Officers
        (f)
        Officers
            The officers of the Corporation shall include a chief executive officer and a chief operating officer, who shall be appointed by the Board of Directors and who shall serve at the pleasure of the Board; and such other officers as shall be provided for in the bylaws of the Corporation.
    (g) Voting trustees
        (g)
        Voting trustees
            For and during the period between the deposit of securities of the Corporation with the special court, in accordance with
                section 743(a) of this title
                section 743(c) of this title
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
    (h) Annual report
        (h)
        Annual report
            The Corporation shall transmit to the Congress and the President, not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, a comprehensive and detailed report on all activities and accomplishments of the Corporation during the preceding fiscal year.
    (i) Liability of directors
        (i)
        Liability of directors
            No director of the Corporation shall be liable, for money damages or otherwise, to any party by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, if, with respect to the subject matter of the action, suit, or proceeding, such person was fulfilling a duty which he in good faith reasonably believed to be required by law or vested in him in his capacity as a director of the Association or as an officer of the United States. The United States shall indemnify such person against all judgments, amounts paid in settlement, and costs and expenses (including fees of accountants, experts, and attorneys), actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any such action, suit, or proceeding in which such person is determined to have met such standard of conduct. This subsection shall not be construed to grant any immunity from any criminal law of the United States.
    (j) Signal systems
        (j)
        Signal systems
            If, within two years after
                August 13, 1981
    (k) Governing provisions after sale
        (k)
        Governing provisions after sale
        The provisions of this chapter shall not apply to the Corporation and to activities and other actions and responsibilities of the Corporation and its directors and employees after the sale date, other than with regard to—
        (1) 
            (1)
                section 702 of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
                section 711(d) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
                section 713 of this title
                section 719(b) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
                section 719 of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
                section 726(f)(8) of this title
        (6) 
            (6)
                section 726(f)(9) of this title
        (7) 
            (7)
                section 726(f)(10) of this title
                45 U.S.C. 1301
        (8) 
            (8)
            section 727(c) and (e) of this title;
        (9) 
            (9)
            subsection (b) of this section, but only with respect to matters covered by the last sentence of such subsection;
        (10) 
            (10)
            subsection (i) of this section, but only as such authority applies to service as a director of the Corporation before the sale of the interest of the United States in the common stock of the Corporation;
        (11) 
            (11)
                section 742 of this title
        (12) 
            (12)
            section 743(b)(1) and (2) of this title, but only to the extent of establishing the legal effect of the conveyance of property ordered and of the deeds and other instruments executed, acknowledged, delivered, or recorded in connection therewith and the quality of title acquired in such property;
        (13) 
            (13)
                section 743(b)(3)(B) of this title
        (14) 
            (14)
                section 743(b)(5) of this title
        (15) 
            (15)
                section 743(b)(6) of this title
        (16) 
            (16)
                section 743(e) of this title
        (17) 
            (17)
                section 744 of this title
        (18) 
            (18)
                section 745 of this title
        (19) 
            (19)
                section 748 of this title
                November 1, 1985
        (20) 
            (20)
                section 791(a)(2) of this title
        (21) 
            (21)
            section 791(b)(2) and (b)(3) of this title, but only with respect to issuance of and transactions in any security of the Corporation before the sale date;
        (22) 
            (22)
                section 797a(e) of this title
        (23) 
            (23)
                section 797b of this title
        (24) 
            (24)
                section 797c of this title
        (25) 
            (25)
            sections 797e(a), 797f, and 797g(a) of this title, but only insofar as they establish part of the prevailing status quo for the Corporation’s employees’ rates of pay, rules, and working conditions, such provisions to continue to apply unless changed pursuant to
                section 156 of this title
        (26) 
            (26)
                section 797h of this title
        (27) 
            (27)
                section 797i(b)(1) of this title
        (28) 
            (28)
                section 797j of this title
        (29) 
            (29)
                section 797m of this title
§ 742. Powers and duties of Corporation
    (a) 
        (a)
        acquire rail properties designated in the final system plan to be transferred or conveyed to it;
    (b) 
        (b)
        operate rail service over such rail properties except as provided under sections 744(e) and 791(d)(3) of this title;
    (c) 
        (c)
        rehabilitate, improve, and modernize such rail properties; and
    (d) 
        (d)
        maintain adequate and efficient rail services.
§ 743. Valuation and conveyance of rail properties
    (a) Deposit with court
        (a)
        Deposit with court
        Within 10 days after delivery of a certified copy of a final system plan pursuant to
            section 719(c) of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            the Corporation, in exchange for the rail properties of the railroads in reorganization in the region and of railroads leased, operated, or controlled by railroads in reorganization in the region to be transferred to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, shall deposit with the special court all of the stock and other securities of the Corporation and certificates of value issued by the Association designated in the final system plan to be exchanged for such rail properties;
        (2) 
            (2)
            each profitable railroad operating in the region and each state or responsible person (including a government entity) purchasing rail properties from a railroad in reorganization in the region, or from a railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization in the region, as provided in the final system plan shall deposit with the special court the compensation to be paid for such rail properties.
    (b) Conveyance of rail properties
        (b)
        Conveyance of rail properties
        (1) 
            (1)
            The special court shall, within 10 days after deposit under subsection (a) of this section of the securities of the Corporation, certificates of value issued by the Association, and compensation from the profitable railroads operating in the region, States, and responsible persons, order the trustee or trustees of each railroad in reorganization in the region to convey forthwith to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, the respective profitable railroads operating in the region, States, and responsible persons all right, title, and interest in the rail properties of such railroad in reorganization and shall itself order the conveyance of all right, title, and interest in the rail properties of any person leased, operated, or controlled by such railroad in reorganization that are to be conveyed to them under the final system plan as certified to such court under
                section 719(d) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            All rail properties conveyed to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof the respective profitable railroads operating in the region, States, and responsible persons under this section shall be conveyed free and clear of any liens or encumbrances, but subject to such leases and agreements as shall have previously burdened such properties or bound the owner or operator thereof in pursuance of an arrangement with any State, or local or regional transportation authority under which financial support from such State, or local or regional transportation authority was being provided on
                January 2, 1974
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, if an interest in railroad rolling stock is included in the rail properties conveyed pursuant to subsection (b)(1) of this section, and if such conveyance is in accordance with the requirements of clause (ii) of this subparagraph, the conveyance of such properties shall be deemed an assignment. Any such assignment shall relieve the assignor of liability for any breach which occurs after the date of such conveyance, except that such assignor shall remain liable for any breach, event of default, or violation of covenant which occurred (and any charges or obligations which accrued) prior to the date of such conveyance, regardless of whether the assignee thereof assumes such liabilities, charges or obligations. If any such liabilities, charges, or obligations (accrued prior to the date of such conveyance) are paid by or on behalf of any person or entity other than such assignor, such person or entity shall have a claim to direct reimbursement, as a current expense of administration, from such assignor, together with interest on the amount so paid.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    A conveyance referred to in clause (i) of this subparagraph may be effected only if—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof, the profitable railroad operating in the region, or the State or responsible person to whom such conveyance is made assumes all of the obligations under any applicable conditional sale agreement, equipment trust agreement, or lease with respect to such rolling stock (including any obligations which accrued prior to the date on which such properties are conveyed), and
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        such conveyance is made subject to such obligations.
                    As used in this subparagraph, the term “railroad rolling stock” means assets which could be carried in Interstate Commerce Commission account numbers 52, 53, 54, and 57.
            (B) 
                (B)
                Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the provisions of this chapter shall not affect the title and interests of any lessor, equipment trust trustee, or conditional sale vendor under any conditional sale agreement, equipment trust agreement, or lease under section 77(j) of the Bankruptcy Act. A profitable railroad operating in the region, the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof, or a State or responsible person, to whom such a conveyance is made as assignee or as lessee, shall assume all liability under such conditional sale agreement, equipment trust agreement, or lease. Such an assignment or conveyance to, and such an assumption of liability by, such a profitable railroad, Corporation, subsidiary, State, or responsible person shall not be deemed a breach, an event of default, or a violation of any covenant of any such conditional sale agreement, equipment trust agreement, or lease so assigned or conveyed, notwithstanding any provisions of any such agreement or lease.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this chapter, if a railroad in reorganization has leased rail properties from a lessor that is neither a railroad nor controlled by or affiliated with a railroad, and such lease has been approved by the lessee railroad’s reorganization court prior to
                January 2, 1974
        (5) 
            (5)
            Notwithstanding any covenant, undertaking, condition, or provision of any sort in any lease, agreement, or contract, the conveyance, transfer, assignment, or other disposition of such lease, agreement, or contract or of any interest therein to, or the assumption by, the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, or a profitable railroad of obligations thereunder, shall not be deemed a breach, an event of default, or a violation of any covenant of such lease, agreement, or contract.
        (6) 
            (6)
            (A) 
                (A)
                1 
                Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this chapter or any other other
                    1
                    1 
                        1
                    2
                    2 
                        2
                    29 U.S.C. 1001
                    29 U.S.C. 1301
                    section 721(h) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Corporation shall, through the purchase of insurance or otherwise, maintain in effect any medical insurance coverage or so much of any life insurance coverage that does not exceed in death benefits an amount equal to twice the employee’s annual salary at the time of retirement or $60,000, whichever is lower, which coverage was maintained by a railroad in reorganization in the region immediately prior to
                    April 1, 1976
                    April 1, 1976
                    April 1, 1976
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    through the purchase of insurance or otherwise, provide medical insurance benefits or life insurance benefits at the same level as were provided by the employer railroad in reorganization and in effect with respect to such employees immediately prior to
                        April 1, 1976
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    assume and pay any claim for such employee (or his personal representative) for any such insurance benefits, if—
                    (I) 
                        (I)
                        such claim arose during the period beginning
                            April 1, 1976
                    (II) 
                        (II)
                        such benefits were not paid by an insurer solely because of the lapse of the insurance coverage during such period,
                    except that such death benefits shall not be paid for any such employee in excess of an amount equal to twice the employee’s annual salary at the time of retirement or $60,000, whichever is lower.
                The Corporation shall be entitled to a loan pursuant to
                    section 721(h) of this title
                    section 721(h)(4)(A)(iii) of this title
                    April 1, 1976
                    section 721(h) of this title
    (c) Findings and distribution
        (c)
        Findings and distribution
        (1) 
            (1)
            After the rail properties have been conveyed to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, profitable railroads operating in the region, States, and responsible persons under subsection (b) of this section, the special court, giving due consideration to the findings contained in the final system plan, shall decide—
            (A) 
                (A)
                whether the transfers or conveyances—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    of rail properties of each railroad in reorganization, or of each railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization, to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof in exchange for the certificates of value and the other benefits accruing to such railroad as a result of such exchange (taking into consideration compensable unconstitutional erosion, if any, which the special court finds to have occurred in the estate of each such railroad, during the bankruptcy proceeding with respect to such railroad) as provided in the final system plan and this chapter, and
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    of rail properties of each railroad in reorganization, or of each railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization, to a profitable railroad operating in the region in exchange for compensation and other benefits accruing to such transferor as a result of such exchange (taking into consideration compensable unconstitutional erosion, if any, which the special court finds to have occurred in the estate of each such railroad, during the bankruptcy proceeding with respect to such railroad) State, or responsible person in accordance with the final system plan,
                are in the public interest and are fair and equitable to the estate of each railroad in reorganization in accordance with the standard of fairness and equity applicable to the approval of a plan of reorganization or a step in such a plan under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act, or fair and equitable to a railroad that is not itself in reorganization but which is leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization;
            (B) 
                (B)
                whether the transfers or conveyances are more fair and equitable than is required as a constitutional minimum; and
            (C) 
                (C)
                what portion of the proceeds received by a railroad in reorganization from an entity other than the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof for the sale, lease, or transfer of property subject to an agreement under section 723 or section 725(a)(1) or (2) of this title reflects value attributable to the maintenance or improvement provided pursuant to the agreement.
        (2) 
            (2)
            If the special court finds that the terms of one or more exchanges for certificates of value and other benefits are not fair and equitable to an estate of a railroad in reorganization, or to a railroad leased, operated, or controlled by a railroad in reorganization (taking into consideration compensable unconstitutional erosion, if any, which the special court finds to have occurred in the estate of each such railroad, during the bankruptcy proceeding with respect to such railroad), which has transferred rail properties pursuant to the final system plan, it may—
            (A) 
                (A)
                enter a judgment reallocating the certificates of value in a fair and equitable manner if they have not been fairly allocated among the railroads transferring rail properties to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, except that one certificate of value shall be allocated to each such railroad; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                if the lack of fairness and equity cannot be completely cured by a reallocation of the certificates of value, order the Corporation to provide for the transfer to the railroad of certificates of value issued by the Association as designated in the final system plan in such nature and amount as would make the exchange or exchanges fair and equitable; and
            (C) 
                (C)
                enter a judgment against the Corporation if the judgment would not endanger the viability or solvency of the Corporation.
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the special court finds that the terms of one or more conveyances of rail properties to a profitable railroad operating in the region, State, or responsible person in accordance with the final system plan are not fair and equitable, it shall enter a judgment against such profitable railroad, State, or responsible person. If the special court finds that the terms of one or more conveyances or exchanges for certificates of value or other benefits are fairer and more equitable than is required as a constitutional minimum, then it shall order the return of any excess certificates of value, or compensation to the Corporation or a profitable railroad, State, or responsible person so as not to exceed the constitutional minimum standard of fairness and equity. The special court shall also find the amount of the payments, if any, which each profitable railroad has made on behalf of a transferor railroad in reorganization in accordance with
                section 721(h) of this title
                section 721(h) of this title
                section 721(h) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            Upon making the findings referred to in this subsection, the special court shall order distribution of the certificates of value and compensation deposited with it under subsection (a) of this section to the trustee or trustees of each railroad in reorganization in the region and to persons leased, operated, or controlled by such railroads who so transferred or conveyed rail properties who conveyed right, title, and interest in rail properties to the Corporation and the respective profitable railroads, States, and responsible persons under such subsection.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Whenever the special court, pursuant to subsection (b)(1) of this section, orders the transfer or conveyance of rail properties—
            (A) 
                (A)
                designated under section 716(c)(1)(C) or (D) of this title, to the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, the United States shall indemnify the Corporation against any costs or liabilities imposed on the Corporation as the result of any judgment entered against the Corporation, with respect to such properties, under paragraph (2) of this subsection; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, a profitable railroad operating in the region, a State, or any other responsible person (including a governmental entity), the United States shall indemnify such Corporation, railroad, State, or person against any costs or liabilities imposed thereon as the result of any judgment entered against such Corporation, railroad, State, or person under paragraph (3) of this subsection;
            plus interest on the amount of such judgment at such rate as is constitutionally required. The United States may, in its discretion, represent the Corporation or the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, such profitable railroad, State or responsible person, in any proceedings before the special court that could result in such a judgment against the Corporation under paragraph (2) of this subsection or against the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, such profitable railroad, State or responsible person, under paragraph (3) of this subsection. The Corporation, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, any profitable railroad, State, or responsible person, which is represented by the United States of America shall cooperate diligently in whatever manner the United States shall reasonably request of it in connection with such proceedings. Neither the Corporation, or its subsidiaries, nor the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, any profitable railroad, State or responsible person, shall be obligated to reimburse the United States for any moneys paid by the United States pursuant to this section.
        (6) 
            (6)
            3 
            Whenever the Corporation exercises an option to acquire, or acquires, interests in rail marine freight floating equipment pursuant to the recommendations of the final system plan, and the Corporation thereafter makes such floating equipment available to a profitable railroad operating in the region, a State, or a responsible person including
                3
                3 
                    3
            (A) 
                (A)
                the Corporation against any costs or liabilities imposed on the Corporation as the result of any judgment entered against it, with respect to such equipment, under paragraph (2) of this subsection; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                such profitable railroad, State, or responsible person against any costs or liabilities imposed thereon as the result of any judgment entered against such profitable railroads, State, or responsible person under paragraph (3) of this subsection,
            plus interest on the amount of such judgment at such rate as is constitutionally required.
    (d) Appeal
        (d)
        Appeal
            An order or judgment entered by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia pursuant to subsection (c) of this section or
                section 746 of this title
    (e) Transfer and other taxes and recording fees
        (e)
        Transfer and other taxes and recording fees
            All transfers or conveyances of rail properties (whether real, personal, or mixed) which are made under this chapter (including transfers and conveyances which are made in accordance with a supplemental transaction pursuant to
                section 745 of this title
                section 791(d) of this title
§ 744. Termination and continuation of rail services
    (a) Discontinuance
        (a)
        Discontinuance
        (1) 
            (1)
            Except as provided in subsections (c) and (f) of this section, rail service on rail properties of a railroad in reorganization in the region, or of a person leased, operated, or controlled by such a railroad, which transfers to the Corporation or to profitable railroads operating in the region all or substantially all of its rail properties designated for such conveyance in the final system plan, and rail service on rail properties of a profitable railroad operating in the region which transfers substantially all of its rail properties to the Corporation or to other railroads pursuant to the final system plan, may be discontinued, to the extent such discontinuance is not precluded by the terms of the leases and agreements referred to in
                section 743(b)(2) of this title
            (A) 
                (A)
                the final system plan does not designate rail service to be operated over such rail properties;
            (B) 
                (B)
                not sooner than 30 days following the effective date of the final system plan, the trustee or trustees of the applicable railroad in reorganization or a profitable railroad give notice in writing of intent to discontinue such service on a date certain which is not less than 60 days after the date of such notice or on the date of any conveyance ordered by the special court pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
            (C) 
                (C)
                the notice required by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph is sent by certified mail to the Commission; to the chief executive officer, the transportation agencies, and the government of each political subdivision of each State in which such rail properties are located; and to each shipper who has used such rail service during the previous 12 months.
        (2) 
            (2)
            (A) 
                (A)
                If rail properties are not, in accordance with the designations in the final system plan, required to be operated, as a consequence of a recommended arrangement for joint use or operation of rail properties (under
                    section 716(g) of this title
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    the petitioner and any other railroad involved in such arrangement or coordination project have, prior to filing an application for such discontinuance, entered into a binding agreement (effective on or before the effective date of such discontinuance) to carry out such arrangement or project;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    such application is filed with the Commission not later than 1 year after the effective date of the final system plan; and
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    such discontinuance is not precluded by the terms of the leases and agreements referred to in such section 743(b)(2).
            (B) 
                (B)
                1 
                For purposes of this paragraph, rail service on rail properties is compensatory if the revenue attributable to such properties from such service equals or exceeds the sum of the avoidable costs of providing such service on such properties plus a reasonable return on the value of such rail properties, as determined in accordance with the standards developed pursuant to section 10362(b)(6)
                    1
                    1 
                        1
            (C) 
                (C)
                The Commission shall make its final determination, with respect to any discontinuance requested under this paragraph, not later than 120 days after the date of filing of an application therefor. The applicant shall have the burden of proving that the service involved is not compensatory. If the Commission fails to make a final determination within such time, the application shall be deemed to be granted.
            (D) 
                (D)
                The Commission may issue such rules, regulations, and procedures as it deems necessary for the conduct of its functions under this paragraph.
    (b) Abandonment
        (b)
        Abandonment
        (1) 
            (1)
            Except as provided in subsections (c) and (f) of this section, rail properties over which rail service has been discontinued under subsection (a) of this section may not be abandoned sooner than 120 days after the effective date of the discontinuance. Thereafter, except as provided in subsection (c) of this section, such rail properties may be abandoned upon 30 days’ notice in writing to any person (including a government entity) required to receive notice under subsection (a)(1)(C) of this section.
        (2) 
            (2)
            In any case in which rail properties proposed to be abandoned under this section are designated by the final system plan as rail properties which are suitable for use for other public purposes (including roads or highways, other forms of mass transportation, conservation, and recreation), such rail properties shall not be sold, leased, exchanged, or otherwise disposed of during the 240-day period beginning on the date of notice of proposed abandonment under this section unless such rail properties have first been offered, upon reasonable terms, for acquisition for public purposes.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Rail service may be discontinued, under subsection (a) of this section, and rail properties may be abandoned, under this section, notwithstanding any provision of part A of subtitle IV of title 49, the constitution or law of any State, or the decision of any court or administrative agency of the United States or of any State.
    (c) Continuation of rail services
        (c)
        Continuation of rail services
        No rail service may be discontinued and no rail properties may be abandoned, pursuant to this section—
        (1) 
            (1)
            in the case of service and properties referred to in subsections (a)(1) and (b)(1) of this section, after 2 years from the effective date of the final system plan or more than 2 years after the date on which the final rail service continuation payment is received, whichever is later; or
        (2) 
            (2)
            if a financially responsible person (including a government entity) offers—
            (A) 
                (A)
                to provide a rail service continuation payment which is designed to cover the difference between the revenue attributable to such rail properties and the avoidable costs of providing rail service on such properties, together with a reasonable return on the value of such properties;
            (B) 
                (B)
                to provide a rail service continuation payment which is payable pursuant to a lease or agreement with a State or with a local or regional transportation authority under which financial support was being provided on
                    January 2, 1974
            (C) 
                (C)
                to purchase, pursuant to subsection (f) of this section, such rail properties in order to operate rail services thereon.
        If a rail service continuation payment is offered, pursuant to paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, for both freight and passenger service on the same rail properties, the owner of such properties may not be entitled to more than one payment of a reasonable return on the value of such properties.
    (d) Rail freight service
        (d)
        Rail freight service
        (1) 
            (1)
            If a rail service continuation payment is offered, pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(A) of this section, for rail freight service, the person offering such payment shall designate the operator of such service and enter into an operating agreement with such operator. The person offering such payment shall designate as the operator of such service—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the Corporation, if rail properties of the Corporation connect with the line of railroad involved, unless the Commission determines that such rail service continuation could be performed more efficiently and economically by another railroad;
            (B) 
                (B)
                any other railroad whose rail properties connect with such line, if the Corporation’s rail properties do not so connect or if the Commission makes a determination in accordance with subparagraph (A) of this paragraph; or
            (C) 
                (C)
                any responsible person (including a government entity) which is willing to operate rail service over such rail properties.
            A designated railroad may refuse to enter into such an operating agreement only if the Commission determines, on petition by any affected party, that the agreement would substantially impair such railroad’s ability to serve adequately its own patrons or to meet its outstanding common carrier obligations. The designated operator shall, pursuant to each such operating agreement (i) be obligated to operate rail freight service on such rail properties, and (ii) be entitled to receive, from the person offering such payment, the difference between the revenue attributable to such properties and the avoidable costs of providing service on such rail properties, together with a reasonable management fee, as determined by the Office.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The trustees of a railroad in reorganization shall permit rail service to be continued on any rail properties with respect to which a rail service continuation payment operating agreement has been entered into under this subsection. Such trustees shall receive a reasonable return on the value of such properties, as determined in accordance with the standards developed pursuant to section 10362(b)(6)
                1
        (3) 
            (3)
            If necessary to prevent any disruption or loss of rail service, at any time after the date of conveyance, pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            No determination of reasonable payment for the use of rail properties of a railroad in reorganization in the region, and no determination of value of rail properties of such a railroad (including supporting or related documents or reports of any kind) which is made in connection with any lease agreement, contract of sale, or other agreement or understanding which is entered into after
                October 19, 1976
            (A) 
                (A)
                pursuant to this section; or
            (B) 
                (B)
                pursuant to section 762
                    1
                    1
                    49 U.S.C. 1613
            shall be admitted as evidence, or used for any other purpose, in any civil action, or any other proceeding for damages or compensation, arising under this chapter.
    (e) Rail passenger service
        (e)
        Rail passenger service
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation (or a profitable railroad) shall provide rail passenger service for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of conveyance (pursuant to
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            If a State (or a local or regional transportation authority) was providing financial assistance to support the operation of rail passenger service, pursuant to a lease or agreement which was in effect immediately prior to the date of conveyance (pursuant to such
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
            (A) 
                (A)
                such financial assistance is not provided;
            (B) 
                (B)
                a State (or a local or regional transportation authority) has not, by the end of such 180-day mandatory operation period, offered a rail service continuation payment pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(A) of this section;
            (C) 
                (C)
                an applicable rail service continuation payment pursuant to such subsection (c)(2)(A) is not paid when it is due; or
            (D) 
                (D)
                a payment required under a lease or agreement, pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(2) of this title
            the Corporation (or, where applicable, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, a profitable railroad, or the trustee or trustees of a railroad in reorganization in the region) may (i) discontinue such rail passenger service, and (ii) with respect to rail properties not designated for inclusion in the final system plan, abandon such properties pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) of this section.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to affect the obligation of the Corporation (or a profitable railroad), or of the trustees of the railroads in reorganization in the region, to provide rail passenger service pursuant to
                section 743(b)(2) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            If a State (or a local or regional transportation authority)—
            (A) 
                (A)
                2 
                offers a rail service continuation payment, pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(A) of the
                    2
                    2 
                        2
            (B) 
                (B)
                provides compensation, pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection, for operations conducted during the 180-day mandatory operation period; or
            (C) 
                (C)
                offers a rail service continuation payment, pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(A) of this section, for the operation of rail passenger service provided under an agreement or lease pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(2) of this title
                    1
                    49 U.S.C. 1613(a)(2)
            the Corporation (or a profitable railroad) shall continue to provide such service after the end of such period, except as otherwise provided in this subsection.
        (5) 
            (5)
            (A) 
                (A)
                The Secretary shall reimburse the Corporation (or a profitable railroad) for any loss which is incurred by it during the 180-day mandatory operation period specified in paragraph (1) of this subsection which is not compensated for by a State (or a local or regional transportation authority). The amount of such reimbursement shall be determined pursuant to section 17(a)(1)
                    1
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Secretary shall reimburse States, local public bodies, and agencies thereof for additional costs incurred by such States, bodies, and agencies for rail service continuation payments for rail passenger service pursuant to section 17(a)(2)
                    1
            (C) 
                (C)
                For purposes of the obligation of the Secretary to reimburse the Corporation (or a profitable railroad) or States, local public bodies, and agencies thereof under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of this paragraph, the level of rail passenger service shall be determined on the basis of train miles, car miles, or some other appropriate indicia of scheduled train movements. Programs to correct deferred maintenance on rolling stock, right-of-way, and other facilities which are designed to maintain service, meet on-time performance, and maintain a reasonable degree of passenger comfort (and costs incurred incident thereto) shall be included within the meaning of the term “loss” as used in subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and within the meaning of the term “additional costs” as used in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph and section 17(a)(2)
                    1
                    49 U.S.C. 1613(a)(2)
            (D) 
                (D)
                If a dispute arises with respect to the application of any such regulations, the parties to such dispute may submit such dispute to arbitration by a third party. If the parties are unable to agree upon the selection of an arbitrator, the Chairman of the Commission shall serve in that capacity (except as to matters required to be decided by the Commission, pursuant to
                    section 562(a) of this title
        (6) 
            (6)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the Corporation is not obligated to provide rail passenger service on rail properties if a State (or a local or regional transportation authority) contracts for such service to be provided on such properties by an operator other than the Corporation, except that the Corporation shall, where appropriate, provide such operator with access to such properties for such purpose.
        (7) 
            (7)
            (A) 
                (A)
                If a State (or a local or regional transportation authority) in the region offers to provide payment for the provision of additional rail passenger service, the Corporation shall undertake to provide such service pursuant to this subsection (including the discontinuance provisions of paragraph (2) of this subsection). An offer to provide payment for the provision of additional rail passenger service shall be made in accordance with subsection (c)(2)(A) of this section, and shall be designed to avoid any additional costs to the Corporation arising from the construction or modification of capital facilities or from any additional operating delays or costs arising from the absence of such construction or modification. The State (or local or regional transportation authority) shall demonstrate that it has acquired, leased, or otherwise obtained access to all rail properties, other than those designated for conveyance to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation pursuant to sections 716(c)(1)(C) and 716(c)(1)(D) of this title and to the Corporation pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                As used in this paragraph, the term “additional rail passenger service” means rail passenger service (other than rail passenger service provided pursuant to the provisions of paragraphs (2) and (4) of this subsection), including extended or expanded service and modified routings, which is to be provided over rail properties conveyed to the Corporation pursuant to
                    section 743(b)(1) of this title
            (C) 
                (C)
                Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, the Corporation shall not be required to operate additional rail passenger service over rail properties leased or acquired from or owned or leased by a profitable railroad in the region.
        (8) 
            (8)
            The Secretary shall, in consultation with the Association, conduct a study to determine the best means of compensating the Corporation for liabilities which it may incur for damages to persons or property, resulting from the operation of rail passenger service required to be operated pursuant to this subsection or
                section 743(b)(2) of this title
                November 8, 1978
    (f) Purchase
        (f)
        Purchase
            If an offer to purchase is made under subsection (c)(2)(C) of this section, such offer shall be accompanied by an offer of a rail service continuation payment. Such payment shall continue until the purchase transaction is completed, unless a railroad assumes operations over such rail properties of its own account pursuant to an order or authorization of the Commission. Whenever a railroad in reorganization in the region or a profitable railroad gives notice of intent to discontinue service pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, such railroad shall, upon the request of anyone apparently qualified to make an offer to purchase or to provide a rail service continuation payment, promptly make available its most recent reports on the physical condition of such property, together with such traffic and revenue data as would be required under subpart B of part 1121 of chapter X of title 49 of the Code of Federal Regulations and such other data as are necessary to ascertain the avoidable costs of providing service over such rail properties.
    (g) Abandonment by Corporation
        (g)
        Abandonment by Corporation
            After the rail system to be operated by the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof under the final system plan has been in operation for 2 years, the Commission may authorize the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof to abandon any rail properties as to which it determines that rail service over such properties is not required by the public convenience and necessity, if the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof can demonstrate that no State (or local or regional transportation authority) is willing to offer a rail service continuation payment pursuant to subsection (c) of this section. The Commission may, at any time after the effective date of the final system plan, authorize additional rail service in the region or authorize the abandonment of rail properties which are not being operated by the Corporation or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof or by any other person. Determinations by the Commission under this subsection shall be made pursuant to applicable provisions of part A of subtitle IV of title 49.
    (h) Interim abandonment
        (h)
        Interim abandonment
            After
                February 5, 1976
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
    (i) Disposition of designated rail properties
        (i)
        Disposition of designated rail properties
        No railroad in reorganization in the region and no person leased, operated or controlled by such a railroad shall sell, transfer, encumber, or otherwise dispose of rail property, or any right or interest therein, designated for transfer to the Corporation or conveyance to a profitable railroad in the final system plan, except pursuant to
            section 743(b) of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            as to which the Association generally or specifically consents in writing;
        (2) 
            (2)
            which, prior to
                February 5, 1976
        (3) 
            (3)
            following certification to the special court, pursuant to
                section 719(c) of this title
§ 744a. End of Conrail commuter service obligation
        Notwithstanding any other provision of law or contract, Conrail shall be relieved of any legal obligation to operate commuter service on
            January 1, 1983
§ 745. Continuing reorganization; supplemental transactions
    (a) Proposals
        (a)
        Proposals
            If the Secretary or the Association determines that, as part of continuing reorganization, further restructuring of rail properties in the region through transactions supplemental to the final system plan would promote the establishment and retention of a financially self-sustaining rail service system in the region adequate to meet the needs of the region, the Secretary or the Association, as the case may be, may develop proposals for such supplemental transactions as are necessary or appropriate to implement the needed restructuring. Transfers of rail properties included in proposals developed by the Association shall be limited to (1) rail properties which would have qualified for designation under
                section 716(c)(1)(A) of this title
    (b) Evaluation by Association
        (b)
        Evaluation by Association
            The Association shall analyze each proposal containing one or more supplemental transactions, taking into account the comments of interested persons and statements and exhibits submitted at any public hearings which may have been held. The Association shall, within 120 days after the publication of a summary thereof under subsection (a) of this section, publish in the Federal Register a report evaluating such proposal. Such evaluation shall state whether the supplemental transactions contained in such proposal, considered in their entirety, are (1) in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan, and (2) fair and equitable. If the Corporation opposes, or seeks modification of, any such proposed transfer, its written comments shall be given due consideration by the Association and shall be published as part of the evaluation. Within 30 days after the Association publishes its report, each proposed transferor or transferee shall notify the Association in writing as to whether any proposed supplemental transaction requiring the transfer of any property from or to such transferor or transferee is acceptable to such proposed transferor or transferee. If any such proposed transferor (other than the Corporation) or transferee fails to notify the Association that any proposed supplemental transaction requiring the transfer of any property from such transferor or to such transferee is acceptable to it, no further administrative or judicial proceedings shall be conducted with respect to such proposed supplemental transaction.
    (c) Review by Commission
        (c)
        Review by Commission
            Within 90 days after the publication in the Federal Register of each report referred to in subsection (b) of this section, the Commission shall determine whether the supplemental transactions referred to in the report, considered in their entirety, would be in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan. In making such determination, the Commission shall give due consideration to the views received by it, within 30 days after the publication of the applicable report, from the Corporation and the Secretary. The Commission may condition its approval of such supplemental transactions on such reasonable terms and conditions as it may deem necessary in the public interest. The approval by the Commission of such supplemental transactions shall not be a prerequisite to the consummation of such transactions, but any determination of the Commission modifying, approving, or disapproving any proposed supplemental transactions shall be given due weight and consideration by the special court in the proceedings prescribed in subsection (d) of this section. If the Commission fails to act within the time period provided in this subsection, the supplemental transactions involved shall be deemed to have been approved by the Commission. The Commission may prescribe such regulations as may be necessary for the administration of this section.
    (d) Special court proceedings
        (d)
        Special court proceedings
        (1) 
            (1)
            If the Association has made the determination pursuant to subsection (b) of this section that a proposal for supplemental transactions is in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan, and is fair and equitable, the Association shall, within 40 days after the date of the Commission’s determination under subsection (c) of this section, or after the expiration of the 90-day period referred to in such subsection (c), whichever is applicable, petition the special court for an order of such court finding that such proposal for supplemental transactions is in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan, and is fair and equitable, and directing the Corporation to carry out the supplemental transactions specified in such proposal. If the Association has determined, pursuant to subsection (b) of this section that a proposal made by the Secretary is not in the public interest or is not consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan or is not fair and equitable, the Secretary may, if he determines that such proposal is in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan and is fair and equitable, petition the special court for an order of such court finding that such proposal for supplemental transactions is in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan and is fair and equitable, and directing the Corporation to carry out any supplemental transactions specified in such proposal. Such a petition shall be submitted to the special court within 90 days after the date of the Commission’s determination under such subsection (c), or after the expiration of the 90-day period referred to in such subsection (c), whichever is applicable.
        (2) 
            (2)
            After the filing of a petition under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the special court shall decide, after a hearing, whether the proposed supplemental transactions contained in such petition, considered in their entirety, are in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan and are fair and equitable. If the special court determines that such proposed supplemental transactions, considered in their entirety, are in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan and are fair and equitable, it shall, upon making such determination, issue such orders as may be necessary to direct the Corporation to consummate the transactions. If the special court determines that such proposed supplemental transactions, considered in their entirety, are not in the public interest or not consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan, or are not fair and equitable, it shall file an opinion stating its conclusion and the reasons therefor. In such event the Association (in the case of a proposal developed by the Association) or the Secretary (in the case of a proposal developed by the Secretary) may, within 120 days after the filing of such opinion, certify to the special court that the terms and conditions of the proposal have been modified consistent with the opinion of the court and are acceptable to each proposed transferor (other than the Corporation) or transferee, and may petition the special court for reconsideration of the proposal as so modified. After the filing of such petition, the special court shall decide, after a hearing, whether the proposal as modified by the certification is in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this chapter and the goals of the final system plan and is fair and equitable, and shall enter such further orders as are consistent with its determination.
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Corporation is authorized to petition the special court and to be represented regarding any proposed supplemental transaction, contained in a proposal developed by either the Association or the Secretary, which involves the properties of the Corporation.
        (4) 
            (4)
            In proceedings under this subsection, the special court is authorized to exercise the powers of a reorganization court.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Any evaluation by the Association, the Secretary, or the Commission shall not be reviewable in any court except the special court in accordance with the provisions of this section. The supplemental transactions shall not be restrained or enjoined by any court nor shall they be otherwise reviewable by any court other than by the special court to the extent provided in this section.
        (6) 
            (6)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, no findings, determinations, or proceedings shall be required with respect to any proposal for supplemental transactions other than as expressly set forth in this section.
        (7) 
            (7)
            Repealed.
                Pub. L. 97–35, title XI, § 1155(b)
                Aug. 13, 1981
                95 Stat. 679
        (8) 
            (8)
            A final order or judgment of the special court entering or denying an order pursuant to this subsection shall be reviewable in the same manner as provided in
                section 719(e)(3) of this title
    (e) “Fair and equitable” defined
        (e)
        “Fair and equitable” defined
        1 
        As used in this section, the term “fair and equitable” means fair and equitable, in accordance with the standards applicable to the approval of a plan of reorganization (or a step in such plan) under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act
            1
            1 
                1
        (1) 
            (1)
            the estates of railroads in reorganization in the region and persons leased, operated, or controlled by such railroads who have conveyed rail properties, under
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            the holders of other securities of the Corporation.
        Whenever any property or securities of the Corporation are required to be valued in order to determine whether the terms of a supplemental transaction are fair and equitable, the special court shall give proper recognition to the contributions to the Corporation by all classes of security holders, except that such court shall not assign to the series B preferred stock or the common stock of the Corporation any values added to those securities, by reason of investment by the Association in debentures and series A preferred stock of the Corporation, in excess of any value required by constitutional principles applicable to a reorganization process.
    (f) Expedited proposals
        (f)
        Expedited proposals
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 240 days after the effective date of the Staggers Rail Act of 1980, the Secretary, after providing an opportunity for comments from interested parties, shall determine whether to initiate a proposal for a supplemental transaction under this section for the transfer of all rail properties of the Corporation in the States of Connecticut and Rhode Island to another railroad in the region. If the Secretary determines that—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the proposed transferee railroad is financially and operationally capable of assuming the freight operations and freight service obligations of the Corporation on a financially self-sustaining basis;
            (B) 
                (B)
                the proposed transfer would promote the establishment and retention of a financially self-sustaining rail system in the States of Connecticut and Rhode Island adequate to meet the needs of such States; and
            (C) 
                (C)
                the proposed transfer is consistent with the goals set forth in
                    section 716(a)(8) of this title
            the Secretary shall develop such a proposal and may, after providing the Association, the Commission, and the States of Connecticut and Rhode Island an opportunity to review and comment on such proposal, petition the special court for an order to carry out such proposal.
        (2) 
            (2)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Within 10 days after
                    August 13, 1981
                    August 13, 1981
            (B) 
                (B)
                Within 120 days after
                    August 13, 1981
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    which have under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph completed negotiations and submitted to the Secretary a proposal to assume all of the freight operations and freight service obligations of the Corporation in such States on a financially self-sustaining basis for a period of at least four years; or
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    which have developed a proposal to assume all of the freight operations and freight service obligations of the Corporation in such States under an agreement by and between the Corporation and such railroad or railroads; or
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    which have, prior to
                        May 1, 1981
                For the purpose of this section, an order to transfer may include the Corporation if the Corporation agrees to maintain service over lines retained by the Corporation for four years.
            (C) 
                (C)
                To permit efficient and effective rail operations consistent with the public interest, as a part of any transfer under paragraph (2)(B) of this subsection, the Secretary shall promote the transfer of additional non-mainline Corporation properties in adjoining States that connect with properties that are the subject of such transfer.
            (D) 
                (D)
                The special court shall determine a fair and equitable price for the rail properties to be transferred under this subsection, and shall, unless the parties otherwise agree, establish divisions of joint rates for through routes over such properties which are fair and equitable to the parties. The special court shall establish a method to ensure that such divisions are promptly paid.
            (E) 
                (E)
                Notwithstanding any other provision of law or agreement in effect on
                    May 1, 1981
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the special court determines that a proposal developed under this subsection is fair and equitable, meets the requirements of this subsection, and is in the public interest, it shall issue such orders as may be necessary to carry out such proposal. The provisions of paragraphs (2)–(6) of subsection (d) of this section shall apply to the determination of the special court under this subsection, except that the standards for such determination shall be those set forth in this paragraph.
        (4) 
            (4)
            (A) 
                (A)
                2 
                Any employee who was protected by the compensatory provisions of subchapter V
                    2
                    2 
                        2
                    August 13, 1981
                    2
            (B) 
                (B)
                As used in this paragraph, “employee deprived of employment” means any employee who is unable to secure employment through the normal exercise of seniority rights, but does not include any employee who refuses an offer of employment with a railroad acquiring properties under this subsection.
    (g) Transfer of properties and freight service obligations of specific lines
        (g)
        Transfer of properties and freight service obligations of specific lines
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 20 days after
                August 13, 1981
        (2) 
            (2)
            Within 120 days after
                August 13, 1981
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Secretary shall determine a fair and equitable price for the rail properties to be transferred under this subsection, and shall, unless the parties otherwise agree, establish divisions of joint rates for through routes over such properties which are fair and equitable to the parties.
        (4) 
            (4)
            The Secretary shall determine fair and equitable terms for the provision of such trackage rights, on segments of the Corporation’s lines not to exceed 5 miles per line transferred, to acquiring carriers as may be necessary to operate such transferred lines in an efficient manner.
§ 746. Certificates of value
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            On the date when the Corporation is required to deposit securities with the special court pursuant to
                section 743(a)(1) of this title
    (b) Number and distribution
        (b)
        Number and distribution
            A separate series of certificates of value shall be issued to each railroad in reorganization in the region and each person leased, operated, or controlled by such a railroad that transfers rail properties to the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof. The number of certificates of value of each series to be deposited pursuant to subsection (a) shall be equal to the number of shares of series B preferred stock of the Corporation which are required to be deposited by the Corporation with the special court, pursuant to
                section 743(a)(1) of this title
                section 743(c)(4) of this title
    (c) Redemption
        (c)
        Redemption
        (1) 
            (1)
            Certificates of value, of any series, shall be redeemed by the Association on
                December 31, 1987
        (2) 
            (2)
            Each certificate of value of each series shall be redeemable for an amount, payable in cash, equal to its base value on the redemption date, minus—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the sum of the fair market value of the series B preferred stock applicable to such certificate, the fair market value of the common stock applicable to such certificate, and all cash dividends theretofore paid on any such series B preferred stock and on any such common stock; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                any sums paid to a transferor of rail properties to whom such series of certificates of value was issued resulting from sales or leases by the Corporation of properties transferred to it by such transferor divided by the number of certificates of value distributed to such transferor.
        (3) 
            (3)
            The number of shares of series B preferred stock and common stock applicable to each certificate of value of any series, pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection, shall be—
            (A) 
                (A)
                one share of series B preferred stock (adjusted to reflect any stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar transactions affecting the number of shares of outstanding series B preferred stock following the date of distribution pursuant to
                    section 743(c)(4) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                the number of shares of common stock determined by dividing the total number of shares of common stock distributed pursuant to
                    section 743(c)(4) of this title
                    section 743(c)(4) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            The base value of each certificate of value of any series shall be the value obtained by (A) taking the net liquidation value, as determined by the special court, to which the transferor to whom such series of certificates of value is issued is entitled by virtue of transfers of rail properties, under
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
                section 743(b)(6) of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            The fair market value of series B preferred stock and of common stock of the Corporation shall be determined in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Association, on the basis of the average price of each such security in the primary established market in which such securities are traded over a period of 120 consecutive trading days ending not less than 20 nor more than 40 trading days preceding the redemption date, or, in the case of a security for which there is not an established trading market, on the basis of the fair market value thereof as determined by the majority vote of three experts in the valuation of securities, one to be selected by the Association, one to be selected by the directors of the Corporation elected by the holders of the security to be valued, and one to be selected by the two first selected.
    (d) Authorization of appropriations
        (d)
        Authorization of appropriations
            There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to discharge the obligations of the United States arising under this section.
§ 747. Protection of Federal funds
    (a) Audit
        (a)
        Audit
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Comptroller General of the United States is authorized to audit the programs, activities, and financial operations of the Corporation for any period during which (A) Federal funds provided pursuant to this chapter are being used to finance any portion of its operations, or (B) Federal funds have been invested therein pursuant to this chapter. Any such audit may be conducted under such rules and regulations as the Comptroller General may prescribe. The Comptroller General shall report to the Congress at such times and to such extent as he considers necessary to keep the Congress informed on the security of such Federal funds and guarantees and, to the extent appropriate, make recommendations for achieving greater economy, efficiency, and effectiveness in such programs, activities, and operations.
        (2) 
            (2)
            For the purpose of any audit conducted pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, the Comptroller General, or a designated representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and the right to examine all books, accounts, records, reports, files, and other papers, items, or property belonging to or in use by the Corporation.
    (b) Report
        (b)
        Report
        The Association shall prepare and submit an annual report to Congress on the performance of the Corporation in order to keep the Congress informed as to matters which may affect the quality of rail services in the region and which may affect the security of Federal funds referred to in subsection (a) of this section. Each such report shall be submitted within 150 days after the end of the fiscal year of the Corporation. Each such report shall include an evaluation of—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the degree to which the goals of
                section 716(a) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            the amounts and causes of deviations, if any, from the financial projections of the final system plan;
        (3) 
            (3)
            the amount of Federal funds made available to the Corporation and a clear description of the uses of such funds;
        (4) 
            (4)
            the projected financial needs of the Corporation;
        (5) 
            (5)
            the projected sources from which such financial needs are likely to be met; and
        (6) 
            (6)
            the ability of the Corporation to become financially self-sustaining without requiring Federal funds in excess of those authorized by
                section 716(f) of this title
    (c) Monitoring of Corporation
        (c)
        Monitoring of Corporation
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Association shall also report to the Congress, in accordance with this subsection, on the policies of the Corporation and the results of such policies with respect to operations, cost containment, and marketing.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Within 90 days after
                November 1, 1978
        (3) 
            (3)
            Using such indicia, the Association shall report on (A) the relationship of each constituent part or groups of parts to the Corporation’s revenue and capital and operating expenses, (B) the extent to which such parts or group of parts contributes to profits or losses, (C) the efforts of management to contain or reduce the contribution of such part or group of parts to losses, (D) the results of such efforts, and (E) such other information as the Association deems necessary or appropriate.
        (4) 
            (4)
            The Association shall (A) transmit to the Congress the first such monitoring report pursuant to paragraph (3) at the end of the first calendar quarter which begins after the end of the 90-day period for preparation and submission of the methodological information pursuant to paragraph (2), (B) report such monitoring information to the Congress at the end of the first quarter of each calendar year thereafter, (C) update methodological and monitoring information periodically as the Association deems necessary or appropriate, but in no case less frequently than once a year, and (D) where the results of such updating are statistically significant or relevant to Congressional policymaking, report them and the reasons for their significance at the end of the calendar quarter in which the updating occurred.
§ 748. Abandonments
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            The Corporation may, in accordance with this section, file with the Commission an application for a certificate of abandonment for any line which is part of the system of the Corporation. Any such application shall be governed by this section and shall not, except as specifically provided in this section, be subject to the provisions of chapter 109 of title 49.
    (b) Applications for abandonment
        (b)
        Applications for abandonment
            Any application for abandonment that is filed by the Corporation under this section before
                December 1, 1981
    (c) Notice of insufficient revenues
        (c)
        Notice of insufficient revenues
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation may, prior to
                November 1, 1985
        (2) 
            (2)
            At any time after the 90-day period beginning with the filing of a notice of insufficient revenues for a line, the Corporation may file an application for abandonment for such line. An application for abandonment that is filed by the Corporation under this subsection for a line for which a notice of insufficient revenues was filed under paragraph (1) shall be granted by the Commission within 90 days after the date such application is filed unless, within such 90-day period, an offer of financial assistance is made in accordance with subsection (d) of this section with respect to such line.
    (d) Offers of financial assistance
        (d)
        Offers of financial assistance
        (1) 
            (1)
            The provisions of
                section 10904 of title 49
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Corporation shall provide any person that intends to make an offer of financial assistance under subsection (b) or (c) of this section with such information as the Commission may require.
    (e) Liquidation
        (e)
        Liquidation
        (1) 
            (1)
            If any application for abandonment is granted under subsection (b) of this section, the Commission shall, as soon as practicable, appraise the net liquidation value of the line to be abandoned, and shall publish notice of such appraisal in the Federal Register.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Appraisals made under paragraph (1) shall not be appealable.
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                If, within 120 days after the date on which an appraisal is published in the Federal Register under paragraph (1), the Corporation receives a bona fide offer for the sale, for 75 percent of the amount at which the liquidation value of such line was appraised by the Commission, of the line to be abandoned, the Corporation shall sell such line and the Commission shall, unless the parties otherwise agree, establish an equitable division of joint rates for through routes over such lines.
            (B) 
                (B)
                If the Corporation receives no bona fide offer under subparagraph (A), within such 120-day period, the Corporation may abandon or dispose of the line as it chooses, except that the Corporation may not dismantle bridges, or other structures (not including rail, signals, and other rail facilities) for 120 days thereafter. The Secretary may require that bridges or other structures (not including rail, signals, and other rail facilities), not be dismantled for an additional 8 months if he assumes all liability of any sort related to such property.
        (4) 
            (4)
            If the purchaser under paragraph (3)(A) of this subsection of any line of the Corporation abandons such line within five years after such purchase, the proceeds of any track liquidations shall be paid into the general fund of the Treasury of the United States.
    (f) Employee protection
        (f)
        Employee protection
        1 
            1 
            The provisions of section 10903(b)(3)
                1
                1 
                    1
                    Section 10903(b) of Title 49
                2
                2 
                    2
                August 13, 1981
                2
§§ 761 to 769c. Repealed.
§§ 771 to 780. Repealed.
§ 791. Relationship to other laws
    (a) Antitrust
        (a)
        Antitrust
        (1) 
            (1)
            Except as specifically provided in paragraph (2) of this subsection, no provision of this chapter shall be deemed to convey to any railroad or employee or director thereof any immunity from civil or criminal liability, or to create defenses to actions, under the antitrust laws.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The antitrust laws are inapplicable with respect to any action taken to formulate or implement the final system plan where such action was in compliance with the requirements of such plan and with respect to any action taken to formulate or implement any supplemental transaction.
        (3) 
            (3)
            As used in this subsection, “antitrust laws” includes the Act of
                July 2, 1890
                26 Stat. 209
                October 15, 1914
                38 Stat. 730
                38 Stat. 717
                15 U.S.C. 41
                August 27, 1894
                28 Stat. 570
                15 U.S.C. 8
                June 19, 1936
                49 Stat. 1526
    (b) Commerce, securities, and bankruptcy
        (b)
        Commerce, securities, and bankruptcy
        (1) 
            (1)
            The provisions of subtitle IV of title 49 and the Bankruptcy Act, are inapplicable (A) to actions taken under this chapter to formulate and implement the final system plan where such action was in compliance with the requirements of such plan, and (B) to actions taken under this chapter to formulate or implement any supplemental transaction.
        (2) 
            (2)
            1 
            All securities of the Corporation which are issued to the Association as the initial holder, or which are issued in connection with the transfer to the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof of rail properties under this chapter, shall be deemed for all purposes to have been issued subject to and authorized pursuant to section 11301
                1
                1 
                    1
        (3) 
            (3)
            The provisions of
                section 77e of title 15
                section 743(a) of this title
                section 743(c) of this title
        (4) 
            (4)
            The powers and duties of the Commission under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act, with respect to a railroad in reorganization in the region which conveys all or substantially all of its designated rail properties to the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof, or to profitable railroads in the region, pursuant to the final system plan, and the requirement that plans of reorganization be filed with the Commission, shall cease upon the date of such conveyance. The powers and duties of the Commission under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act shall also so terminate, as of
                February 5, 1976
                February 5, 1976
    (c) Environment
        (c)
        Environment
            The provisions of
                section 4332(2)(C) of title 42
    (d) Northeast Corridor
        (d)
        Northeast Corridor
        (1) 
            (1)
            Rail properties designated in accordance with
                section 716(c)(1)(C) of this title
                section 716(c)(1)(C) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Properties acquired by purchase, lease, or otherwise pursuant to this subsection shall be improved in order to meet the goal set forth in
                section 716(a)(3) of this title
                January 2, 1974
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Secretary shall begin the necessary engineering studies and improvements on
                January 2, 1974
        (4) 
            (4)
            The final system plan shall provide for any necessary coordination with freight or commuter services of use of the facilities designated in
                section 716(c)(1)(C) of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            Construction or improvements made pursuant to this subsection may be made in consultation with the Corps of Engineers.
§ 792. Repealed.
§ 793. Repealed.
§ 794. Tax payments to States
    (a) 
        (a)
        Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no railroad in reorganization shall withhold from any State, or any political subdivision thereof, the payment of the portion of any tax owed by such railroad to such State or subdivision, which portion has been collected by such railroad from any tenant thereof.
    (b) 
        (b)
        Any railroad which violates the provisions of subsection (a) of this section by withholding any portion of a tax referred to in such subsection shall be fined not more than $10,000 for each such violation.
§ 797. Repealed.
§ 797a. Termination allowance
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            The Corporation may terminate the employment of certain employees, in accordance with this section, upon the payment of an allowance of $350 for each month of active service with the Corporation or with a railroad in reorganization, but in no event may any such termination allowance exceed $25,000.
    (b) Employment needs
        (b)
        Employment needs
            Within 90 days after
                August 13, 1981
    (c) Notification and separation procedure
        (c)
        Notification and separation procedure
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 90 days after
                August 13, 1981
        (2) 
            (2)
            Within 90 days after
                August 13, 1981
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the number of employees who request to be separated pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection is greater, in engine service at any location, than the number of excess firemen at the location, and in train service at the location than the number of excess second and third brakemen, as determined by the Corporation, the Corporation shall separate the employees described in paragraph (2) of this subsection in order of seniority beginning with the most senior employee, until the excess firemen and second and third brakemen positions at that location, as determined by the Corporation, have been eliminated.
    (d) Designated separations
        (d)
        Designated separations
            If the number of employees who are separated pursuant to subsection (c)(3) is less at any location than the number of excess firemen in freight and commuter service and second and third brakemen in freight service at such location, as determined by the Corporation, the Corporation may, after 210 days after
                August 13, 1981
    (e) Effect on positions
        (e)
        Effect on positions
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation shall refrain from filling one fireman position in freight service, or in commuter service where applicable, for each employee in engine service separated in accordance with this section.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Corporation may refrain from filling one brakeman position in excess of one conductor and one brakeman on one crew in freight service for each employee in train service who is separated in accordance with this section.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Positions permitted to be not filled under this subsection shall be not filled in different types of freight service actually operated at or from the location in a sequence to be agreed upon between the Corporation and the general chairman representative of classes or crafts of employees having jurisdiction over the positions to be not filled. If no such agreement is reached, the Corporation may designate the position to be not filled.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection, the Corporation shall retain all rights it has under any provision of law or agreement to refrain from filling any position of employment.
    (f) Procedures
        (f)
        Procedures
            The Corporation and representatives of the various classes and crafts of employees to be separated may agree on procedures to implement this section, but the absence of such agreement shall not interfere with implementation of the separations authorized by this section.
    (g) Commuter employees
        (g)
        Commuter employees
            The provisions of this section shall apply to the separation of firemen in commuter service, except that with respect to such employees the Corporation is required to make the separations authorized by this section.
§ 797b. Preferential hiring
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            Any employee who is deprived of employment shall have the first right of hire by any other railroad for a vacancy for which he is qualified in a class or craft (or in the case of a non-agreement employee, for a non-agreement vacancy) in which such employee was employed by the Corporation or a predecessor carrier for not less than one year, except where such a vacancy is covered by (1) an affirmative action plan, or a hiring plan designed to eliminate discrimination, that is required by Federal or State statute, regulation, or Executive order, or by the order of a Federal court or agency, or (2) a permissible voluntary affirmative action plan. For purposes of this section, a railroad shall not be considered to be hiring new employees when it recalls any of its own furloughed employees.
    (b) Status
        (b)
        Status
            The first right of hire afforded to employees under this section shall be coequal to the first right of hire afforded under sections 907 and 1004 of this title.
§ 797c. Central register of railroad employment
    (a) Register
        (a)
        Register
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Railroad Retirement Board (hereafter in this section referred to as the “Board”) shall prepare and maintain a register of persons separated from railroad employment after at least one year of completed service with a railroad who have declared their current availability for employment in the railroad industry. The register shall be subdivided by class and craft of prior employment and shall be updated periodically to reflect current availability.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Each entry in the register shall include, or provide access to, basic information concerning the individual’s experience and qualifications.
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Board shall place at the top of the register those former railroad employees entitled to priority under applicable provisions of law, including this chapter.
    (b) Corporation employees
        (b)
        Corporation employees
            As soon as is practicable after
                August 13, 1981
    (c) Vacancy notices; warning; civil penalty
        (c)
        Vacancy notices; warning; civil penalty
        (1) 
            (1)
            Each railroad shall timely file with the Board a notice of vacancy with respect to any position for which the railroad intends to accept applications from persons other than current employees of that carrier.
        (2) 
            (2)
            (A) 
                (A)
                As soon as the Board becomes aware of any failure on the part of a railroad to comply with paragraph (1), the Board shall issue a warning to such railroad of its potential liability under subparagraph (B).
            (B) 
                (B)
                Any railroad failing to comply with paragraph (1) of this subsection after being warned by the Board under subparagraph (A) shall be liable for a civil penalty in the amount of $500 for each subsequent vacancy with respect to which such railroad has so failed to comply.
    (d) Placement
        (d)
        Placement
            The Board shall, through distribution of copies of the central register (or portions thereof) to railroads and representatives of classes or crafts of employees and through publication of employment information derived from vacancy notices filed with the Board, promote the placement of former railroad employees possessing requisite skills and experience in appropriate positions with other railroads.
    (e) Employment applications
        (e)
        Employment applications
            In addition to its responsibilities under subsections (a) through (d) of this section, the Board shall facilitate the filing of employment applications with respect to current vacancies in the industry by former railroad employees entitled to priority under applicable provisions of law, including this chapter.
    (f) Expiration
        (f)
        Expiration
            The provisions of this section shall cease to be effective on the expiration of the 6-year period beginning on
                August 13, 1981
    (g) Resolution of disputes
        (g)
        Resolution of disputes
        Any dispute, grievance, or claim arising under this section,
            section 797b of this title
            section 907 of this title
            section 1004 of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            Any employee with such a dispute, grievance, or claim may petition the Board to review and investigate the dispute, grievance, or claim.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Board shall investigate the dispute, grievance, or claim, and if it concludes that the employee’s rights under this section,
                section 797b of this title
                section 907 of this title
                section 1004 of this title
                section 153 of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            In the case of any violation of this section,
                section 797b of this title
                section 907 of this title
                section 1004 of this title
                section 153 of this title
§ 797d. Election and treatment of benefits
    (a) Election
        (a)
        Election
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            Any employee who accepts any benefits under an agreement entered into under section 797
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 797a of this title
                August 13, 1981
        (2) 
            (2)
            Nothing in paragraph (1) of this subsection shall affect the right of any employee described in such paragraph to benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 [
                45 U.S.C. 231
                45 U.S.C. 351
    (b) Treatment of benefits
        (b)
        Treatment of benefits
        Any benefits received by an employee under an agreement entered into pursuant to section 797
            1
            section 797a of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (
                45 U.S.C. 231
        (2) 
            (2)
            determining the compensation received by such employee in any base year under the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act (
                45 U.S.C. 351
§ 797e. Assignment of work
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
            With respect to any craft or class of employees not covered by a collective bargaining agreement that provides for a process substantially equivalent to that provided for in this section, the Corporation shall have the right to assign, allocate, reassign, reallocate, and consolidate work formerly performed on the rail properties acquired pursuant to the provisions of this chapter from a railroad in reorganization to any location, facility, or position on its system if it does not remove such work from coverage of a collective bargaining agreement and does not infringe upon the existing classification of work rights of any craft or class of employees at the location or facility to which such work is assigned, allocated, reassigned, reallocated, or consolidated. Prior to the exercise of authority under this subsection, the Corporation shall negotiate an agreement with the representatives of the employees involved permitting such employees the right to follow their work.
    (b) Expiration
        (b)
        Expiration
        1 
            1 
            The authority granted by this section shall apply only for as long as benefits are provided under this subchapter with funds made available under section 797
                l
                1
                1 
                    1
§ 797f. Contracting out
        All work in connection with the operation or services provided by the Corporation on the rail lines, properties, equipment, or facilities acquired pursuant to the provisions of this chapter and the maintenance, repair, rehabilitation, or modernization of such lines, properties, equipment, or facilities which has been performed by practice or agreement in accordance with provisions of the existing contracts in effect with the representatives of the employees of the classes or crafts involved shall continue to be performed by the Corporation’s employees, including employees on furlough. Should the Corporation lack a sufficient number of employees, including employees on furlough, and be unable to hire additional employees, to perform the work required, it shall be permitted to subcontract that part of such work which cannot be performed by its employees, including those on furlough, except where agreement by the representatives of the employees of the classes or crafts involved is required by applicable collective-bargaining agreements. The term “unable to hire additional employees” as used in this section contemplates establishment and maintenance by the Corporation of an apprenticeship, training, or recruitment program to provide an adequate number of skilled employees to perform the work.
§ 797g. New collective-bargaining agreements
    (a) Agreement
        (a)
        Agreement
            Not later than 60 days after the effective date of any conveyance pursuant to the provisions of this chapter, the representatives of the various classes or crafts of employees of a railroad in reorganization involved in a conveyance and representatives of the Corporation shall commence negotiation of a new single collective bargaining agreement for each class and craft of employees covering the rate of pay, rules, and working conditions of employees who are the employees of the Corporation. Such collective bargaining agreement shall include appropriate provisions concerning rates of pay, rules, and working conditions, but shall not, before
                April 1, 1984
    (b) Procedure
        (b)
        Procedure
        (1) 
            (1)
            Any procedure for finally determining the components of the first single collective bargaining agreement for any class or craft, agreed upon before
                August 13, 1981
                August 13, 1981
        (2) 
            (2)
            1 
            Nothing in this section shall be construed to require the parties to enter into a new single collective bargaining agreement if the agreement between the parties in effect immediately prior to
                August 13, 1981
                1
                1 
                    1
    (c) Railway Labor Act notices
        (c)
        Railway Labor Act notices
            Employees of the Corporation may not serve notices under
                section 156 of this title
                April 1, 1984
§ 797h. Employee and personal injury claims
    (a) Liability for employee claims
        (a)
        Liability for employee claims
            In all cases of claims, prior to
                April 1, 1976
                section 153 of this title
                section 743(b)(1) of this title
                section 721(h) of this title
                section 721(h)(1) of this title
                section 721(h) of this title
    (b) Assumption of personal injury claims
        (b)
        Assumption of personal injury claims
            All cases or claims by employees or their personal representatives for personal injuries or death against a railroad in reorganization in the Region arising prior to the date of conveyance of rail properties, pursuant to
                section 743 of this title
                section 721(h) of this title
                section 721(h)(1) of this title
                section 721(h) of this title
§ 797i. Limitations on liability
    (a) Federal Government
        (a)
        Federal Government
        1 
            1 
            The liability of the United States under an agreement entered into or benefit schedule prescribed under section 797
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 797a of this title
                l
                1
    (b) The Corporation
        (b)
        The Corporation
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation, Amtrak Commuter, and commuter authorities shall incur no liability under an agreement entered into or benefit schedule prescribed under section 797
                1
                section 797a of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, until
                April 1, 1984
§ 797j. Preemption
        No State may adopt or continue in force any law, rule, regulation, order, or standard requiring the Corporation to employ any specified number of persons to perform any particular task, function, or operation, or requiring the Corporation to pay protective benefits to employees, and no State in the Region may adopt or continue in force any such law, rule, regulation, order, or standard with respect to any railroad in the Region.
§ 797k. Factfinding panel
    (a) Purpose
        (a)
        Purpose
            The Corporation shall enter into collective bargaining agreements with its employees which provide for the establishment of one or more advisory factfinding panels, chaired by a neutral expert in industrial relations, for purposes of recommending changes in operating practices and procedures which result in greater productivity to the maximum extent practicable.
    (b) National Mediation Board
        (b)
        National Mediation Board
            The National Mediation Board shall appoint public members to any panel established by an agreement entered into under this subparagraph, and shall perform such functions contained in the agreement as are consistent with the duties of such Board under the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
    (c) Other functions
        (c)
        Other functions
            The factfinding panel may, before making its report to the parties, provide mediation, concil­iation, and other assistance to the parties.
§ 797l. Class II railroads receiving Federal assistance
    (1) 
        (1)
        is headquartered in a State, and operates in at least one State, with a population of less than 1,000,000 persons, as determined by the 1990 census; and
    (2) 
        (2)
        has, as of
            January 1, 1996
§ 797m. Arbitration
    1 
        1 
        Any dispute or controversy with respect to the interpretation, application, or enforcement of the provisions of this subchapter, except sections 797b, 797c, 797g, and 797
            l
            1
            1 
                1
            45 U.S.C. 1105
            section 153 of this title
§ 801. Declaration of policy
    (a) Purpose
        (a)
        Purpose
        The purpose of this Act and chapter 224 of title 49, United States Code, is to provide the means to rehabilitate and maintain the physical facilities, improve the operations and structure, and restore the financial stability of the railway system of the United States, and to promote the revitalization of such railway system, so that this mode of transportation will remain viable in the private sector of the economy and will be able to provide energy-efficient, ecologically compatible transportation services with greater efficiency, effectiveness, and economy, through—
        (1) 
            (1)
            ratemaking and regulatory reform;
        (2) 
            (2)
            the encouragement of efforts to restructure the system on a more economically justified basis, including planning authority in the Secretary of Transportation, an expedited procedure for determining whether merger and consolidation applications are in the public interest, and continuing reorganization authority;
        (3) 
            (3)
            financing mechanisms that will assure adequate rehabilitation and improvement of facilities and equipment, implementation of the final system plan, and implementation of the Northeast Corridor project;
        (4) 
            (4)
            transitional continuation of service on light-density rail lines that are necessary to continued employment and community well-being throughout the United States;
        (5) 
            (5)
            auditing, accounting, reporting, and other requirements to protect Federal funds and to assure repayment of loans and financial responsibility; and
        (6) 
            (6)
            necessary studies.
    (b) Policy
        (b)
        Policy
        The policy of this Act and chapter 224 of title 49, United States Code, is to—
        (1) 
            (1)
            balance the needs of carriers, shippers, and the public;
        (2) 
            (2)
            foster competition among all carriers by railroad and other modes of transportation, to promote more adequate and efficient transportation services, and to increase the attractiveness of investing in railroads and rail-service-related enterprises;
        (3) 
            (3)
            permit railroads greater freedom to raise or lower rates for rail services in competitive markets;
        (4) 
            (4)
            promote the establishment of railroad rate structures which are more sensitive to changes in the level of seasonal, regional, and shipper demand;
        (5) 
            (5)
            promote separate pricing of distinct rail and rail-related services;
        (6) 
            (6)
            formulate standards and guidelines for determining adequate revenue levels for railroads; and
        (7) 
            (7)
            modernize and clarify the functions of railroad rate bureaus.
§ 802. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        “Association” means the United States Railway Association;
    (2) 
        (2)
        “Commission” means the Interstate Commerce Commission;
    (3) 
        (3)
        “Corporation” means the Consolidated Rail Corporation;
    (4) 
        (4)
        “final system plan” means the final system plan and any additions thereto adopted by the Association pursuant to the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973 (
            45 U.S.C. 701
    (5) 
        (5)
        “includes” and variants thereof should be read as if the phrase “but is not limited to” were also set forth;
    (6) 
        (6)
        “Office” means the Rail Services Planning Office of the Commission;
    (7) 
        (7)
        “railroad” has the meaning given that term in
            section 20102 of title 49
    (8) 
        (8)
        “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation or his designated representative.
§ 803. Repealed.
§§ 821 to 823. Repealed.
§§ 824, 825. Repealed.
§ 825a. Repealed.
§§ 826 to 830. Repealed.
§ 831. Transferred
§§ 832 to 834. Repealed.
§ 835. Repealed.
§ 836. Repealed.
§§ 837, 838. Repealed.
§ 851. Repealed.
§ 852. Repealed.
§§ 853 to 855. Repealed.
§ 856. Repealed.
§ 901. Congressional findings
    (a) 
        (a)
        Congress hereby finds that—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the severe operating losses and the deteriorating plant and equipment of the Milwaukee Railroad threaten to cause cessation of its operations in the near future;
        (2) 
            (2)
            a cessation of operations by the Milwaukee Railroad would have serious repercussions on the economies of the States in which such railroad principally operates (the States of Washington, Montana, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Michigan, Indiana, Minnesota, and Wisconsin);
        (3) 
            (3)
            a cessation of operations of the Milwaukee Railroad would result in the loss of many thousands of jobs of railroad workers and other workers whose employment is dependent upon rail service over the lines presently operated by the Milwaukee Railroad;
        (4) 
            (4)
            experienced railroad employees make a valuable contribution toward strengthening the railroad industry; and other railroads have the ability and willingness to employ displaced employees of the Milwaukee Railroad;
        (5) 
            (5)
            the ownership by employees or by employees and shippers of part or all of the Milwaukee Railroad may be a valuable tool in reorganization and should be given serious consideration;
        (6) 
            (6)
            cessation of essential transportation services by the Milwaukee Railroad would endanger the public welfare;
        (7) 
            (7)
            cessation of such services is imminent; and
        (8) 
            (8)
            there is no other practicable means of obtaining funds to meet payroll and other expenses necessary for continuation of services and reorganization of the Milwaukee Railroad.
    (b) 
        (b)
        The Congress declares that emergency measures set forth in this chapter must be taken to restructure the Milwaukee Railroad and to avoid the potential unemployment and damage to the economy of the region and of the Nation which a cessation of essential services by the Milwaukee Railroad would otherwise cause.
§ 902. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        the term “bankruptcy court” means the court having jurisdiction over the reorganization of the Milwaukee Railroad;
    (2) 
        (2)
        the term “Board” means the Railroad Retirement Board;
    (3) 
        (3)
        the term “Commission” means the Interstate Commerce Commission;
    (4) 
        (4)
        the term “employee”—
        (A) 
            (A)
            includes any employee of the Milwaukee Railroad who worked on a line of such railroad the sale of which became effective on
                October 1, 1979
        (B) 
            (B)
            does not include any individual serving as president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer, comptroller, counsel, member of the board of directors, or any other person performing such functions;
    (5) 
        (5)
        the term “Milwaukee Railroad” means the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company; and
    (6) 
        (6)
        the term “restructured Milwaukee Railroad” means the entity that is designated as the reorganized railroad under the reorganization plan for the Milwaukee Railroad finally certified by the Commission.
§ 903. Sales and transfers
    (a) 
        (a)
        The Milwaukee Railroad may negotiate and enter into agreements to sell, to another rail carrier or any other person, all or any portion of its rail properties used in railroad operations as of
            October 15, 1979
            section 920(b) of this title
            April 1, 1980
    (b) 
        (b)
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Secretary of Transportation, under the authority of
                section 333 of title 49
                October 15, 1979
        (2) 
            (2)
            Any sale or transfer proposal developed under paragraph (1) of this subsection shall be submitted to the bankruptcy court. Such a proposal may in no event become final or effective until the occurrence of an event described in
                section 920(b) of this title
                April 1, 1980
§ 904. Court approved abandonments and sales
    (a) Abandonment of lines of railroad under
        (a)
        Abandonment of lines of railroad under
            section 1170 of title 11
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            Upon the occurrence of an event described in
                section 920(b) of this title
                April 1, 1980
                section 1170 of title 11
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            Prior to the date specified in paragraph (1) of this subsection, the bankruptcy court may hear and consider any request for the abandonment of lines of the Milwaukee Railroad, and may fix the time for the Commission’s report on the request, but it may take final action authorizing such abandonment only in accordance with such paragraph (1).
    (b) Sale or transfer of lines of railroad
        (b)
        Sale or transfer of lines of railroad
        (1) 
            (1)
            2 
            Upon the occurrence of an event described in
                section 920(b) of this title
                April 1, 1980
                2
                2 
                    2
                1
        (2) 
            (2)
            The bankruptcy court may not authorize a sale or transfer pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection unless an appropriate application with respect to such sale or transfer is initiated with the Commission and, within such time as the court may fix, not exceeding 180 days, the Commission, with or without a hearing, as the Commission may determine, and with or without modification or condition, approves such application, or does not act on such application. Any action or order of the Commission approving, modifying, conditioning, or disapproving such application is subject to review by the court only under sections 706(2)(A), 706(2)(B), 706(2)(C), and 706(2)(D) of title 5. An application may be initiated with the Commission prior to the date specified in paragraph (1) of this subsection.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Pending review of an application by the Commission pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection, the bankruptcy court may, on a preliminary basis, authorize the sale or transfer of lines of the Milwaukee Railroad to another rail carrier. The court may permit the purchasing carrier to operate interim service as a common carrier over the lines to be purchased, without regard to
                section 10901 of title 49
    (c) Effect on priorities and timing of employee protection payments
        (c)
        Effect on priorities and timing of employee protection payments
            Nothing in this section shall be deemed to affect the priorities or timing of payment of employee protection which might have existed in the absence of this chapter.
§ 905. Employee or employee-shipper ownership plan
    (a) Submission of plan to Commission; approval; findings
        (a)
        Submission of plan to Commission; approval; findings
        (1) 
            (1)
            No later than
                December 1, 1979
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Commission shall, within 30 days after the date of submission of a plan under paragraph (1) of this subsection, approve the proposed plan if it finds that such plan is feasible. The finding of the Commission with respect to the feasibility of the plan shall be made pursuant to
                section 554 of title 5
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Commission shall make a finding that the plan submitted under this section is feasible if it determines that—
            (A) 
                (A)
                adequate public and private financing is available to the proponents of such plan;
            (B) 
                (B)
                such plan is fair and equitable to the estate of the Milwaukee Railroad;
            (C) 
                (C)
                implementation of such plan will occur by
                    April 1, 1980
            (D) 
                (D)
                the railroad proposed to be operated under the plan can be operated on a self-sustaining basis; and
            (E) 
                (E)
                the plan contains an assessment of all operating practices, and includes agreements by labor and management to make implementing changes designed to achieve labor productivity increases (which may include changes in work rules to increase productivity) consistent with safe operations and adequate service.
            For purposes of the determinations under this paragraph, adequate financing shall include all sources of private funds, the probable value and priority of valid claims against the estate, and Federal, State, or local funds available under programs (in existence as of
                January 1, 1980
    (b) Submission of findings to bankruptcy court
        (b)
        Submission of findings to bankruptcy court
            If the Commission finds that the plan submitted under this section is feasible, it shall submit its finding to the bankruptcy court. Within 10 days after the date of such submission, the bankruptcy court shall, after a hearing, determine whether such plan is fair and equitable to the estate of the Milwaukee Railroad. The Commission’s determination with respect to that issue shall be rebutted only by clear and convincing evidence.
    (c) Implementation of plan
        (c)
        Implementation of plan
            If the Commission finds that the plan is feasible and the bankruptcy court determines that the plan is fair and equitable to the estate of the Milwaukee Railroad, the proponents of such plan shall implement the plan no later than
                April 1, 1980
    (d) Judicial review
        (d)
        Judicial review
            Except as provided in this section, the findings of the Commission with respect to the plan shall not be subject to review.
    (e) Furnishing of reports and other information for preparation of plan
        (e)
        Furnishing of reports and other information for preparation of plan
        (1) 
            (1)
            The trustee of the Milwaukee Railroad shall promptly provide to the person engaged in developing the employee or employee and shipper ownership plan under this section—
            (A) 
                (A)
                its most recent reports on the physical condition of the railroad; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                traffic, revenue, marketing, and other data necessary to determine the amount of the acquisition cost of the railroad or portion of the railroad that would be required to continue rail transportation over the railroad line.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Information provided pursuant to this subsection shall be used only for purposes of preparing a plan and shall not be disclosed to any competitor or, unless necessary in connection with the preparation of the plan, to any customer of the Milwaukee Railroad.
§ 906. Guarantee of trustee certificates
    (a) to (c) Omitted
        (a)
        to (c) Omitted
    (d) Authorization
        (d)
        Authorization
            The Secretary of Transportation shall, under the authority of the Emergency Rail Services Act of 1970 [
                45 U.S.C. 661
                November 1, 1979
                section 920 of this title
                section 920(b) of this title
                April 1, 1980
                45 U.S.C. 662(a)
                45 U.S.C. 662(b)(3)
                45 U.S.C. 662(d)
    (e) Amount of guarantee
        (e)
        Amount of guarantee
            The Secretary shall guarantee trustee certificates of the Milwaukee Railroad pursuant to this section in an amount equal to the difference between (1) the total expenses incurred by such railroad attributable to the maintenance and the continuation of service in accordance with subsection (d) of this section, and (2) the revenues of such railroad.
    (f) Subordination of claims
        (f)
        Subordination of claims
            Notwithstanding the provisions of section 3(c) of the Emergency Rail Services Act of 1970 [
                45 U.S.C. 662(c)
                November 4, 1979
    (g) Availability of funds
        (g)
        Availability of funds
            The Commission shall immediately make available to the Secretary of Transportation the sum of $10,000,000, out of funds available for directed service under title 49. The Secretary of Transportation shall immediately make such funds available to the trustee of the Milwaukee Railroad for purposes of financing the operations of the Milwaukee Railroad, beginning
                November 1, 1979
                section 920 of this title
    (h) Cancellation of United States obligations
        (h)
        Cancellation of United States obligations
        (1) 
            (1)
            All obligations to the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States incurred pursuant to this section by the Milwaukee Railroad or the trustee of the property of the Milwaukee Railroad shall be waived and canceled when—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the Milwaukee Railroad is reorganized as an operating rail carrier; or
            (B) 
                (B)
                substantially all of the Milwaukee Railroad is purchased.
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of this subsection, substantially all of the Milwaukee Railroad shall be considered as having been purchased when (A) more than 50 percent of the rail system operated by the Milwaukee Railroad on
                October 14, 1980
                October 14, 1980
§ 907. Railroad hiring
        Each person who is an employee of the Milwaukee Railroad on
            September 30, 1979
            April 1, 1984
§ 908. Employee protection agreements
    (a) Agreement between Milwaukee Railroad and labor organizations
        (a)
        Agreement between Milwaukee Railroad and labor organizations
            The Milwaukee Railroad and labor organizations representing the employees of such railroad may, not later than 20 days after
                November 4, 1979
    (b) Submission of matter to National Mediation Board
        (b)
        Submission of matter to National Mediation Board
            If the Milwaukee Railroad and the labor organizations representing the employees of such railroad are unable to enter into an employee protection agreement under subsection (a) of this section within 20 days after
                November 4, 1979
                November 4, 1979
    (c) Fair and equitable agreements
        (c)
        Fair and equitable agreements
        (1) 
            (1)
            If the National Mediation Board is unable to bring the parties to an agreement under subsection (b) of this section within 40 days after
                November 4, 1979
        (2) 
            (2)
            If an employee protection agreement is entered into under this subsection, any claim of an employee for benefits and allowances under such agreement shall be filed with the Board in such time and manner as the Board by regulation shall prescribe. The Board shall determine the amount for which such employee is eligible under such agreement and shall certify such amount to the Milwaukee Railroad for payment.
    (d) Payment of benefits and allowances
        (d)
        Payment of benefits and allowances
            Benefits and allowances under an employee protection agreement entered into under this section shall be paid by the Milwaukee Railroad in accordance with
                section 914 of this title
§ 909. Supplementary unemployment insurance
    (a) Eligible employees
        (a)
        Eligible employees
        Any employee of the Milwaukee Railroad—
        (1) 
            (1)
            who (A) is employed by the restructured Milwaukee Railroad, and (B) is separated from that employment by reason of any reduction in service by such railroad prior to
                April 1, 1984
        (2) 
            (2)
            who (A) is separated from his employment with the Milwaukee Railroad in connection with a restructuring transaction carried out by such railroad, and obtains employment, prior to
                April 1, 1981
                April 1, 1984
        shall be entitled to receive monthly supplementary unemployment insurance in accordance with the provisions of this section.
    (b) Period of payment
        (b)
        Period of payment
        Each employee described in subsection (a) of this section shall be entitled to receive supplementary unemployment insurance during each month in which such employee is not employed, for all or a portion of such month, by the Milwaukee Railroad or another rail carrier. Each such employee shall be entitled to receive such insurance for a total of not more than 36 months, except that—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the period of entitlement for assistance under this section shall not exceed the employee’s total months of service with the Milwaukee Railroad; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            no compensation shall be provided under this section after
                April 1, 1984
    (c) Amount of payment
        (c)
        Amount of payment
        Supplementary unemployment insurance under this section shall be payable to an employee on a monthly basis in an amount equal to—
        (1) 
            (1)
            eighty percent of such employee’s average monthly normal compensation from employment with the Milwaukee Railroad during the period beginning
                June 1, 1977
                November 4, 1979
        (2) 
            (2)
            the sum of (A) the amount of any benefits payable to such employee for such month under the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
    (d) Filing of application
        (d)
        Filing of application
            An application for supplementary unemployment insurance shall be filed with the Board in such time and manner as the Board by regulation shall prescribe.
    (e) Insurance as compensation
        (e)
        Insurance as compensation
        Any supplementary unemployment insurance received by any employee pursuant to this section shall be considered to be compensation solely—
        (1) 
            (1)
            for purposes of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (
                45 U.S.C. 231
        (2) 
            (2)
            for purposes of determining the compensation received by such employee in any base year under the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act [
                45 U.S.C. 351
    (f) Employees not covered
        (f)
        Employees not covered
        (1) 
            (1)
            The provisions of this section shall not apply to an employee in the event of his resignation, retirement, or discharge for cause from the employment of any rail carrier.
        (2) 
            (2)
            An employee shall not be entitled to receive supplementary unemployment insurance under this section if he has failed to exhaust all seniority rights or other employment rights under applicable collective bargaining agreements.
        (3) 
            (3)
            An employee shall not be entitled to receive supplementary unemployment insurance under this section for any month or portion of a month in which such employee is unemployed due to normal seasonal unemployment patterns in the railroad industry.
    (g) Furloughed employees
        (g)
        Furloughed employees
            For purposes of this section, any employee of the Milwaukee Railroad who is furloughed shall be considered to be separated from his employment.
§ 910. Repealed.
§ 911. New career training assistance
    (a) Eligible employees
        (a)
        Eligible employees
            Any employee who elects to receive a separation allowance from the Milwaukee Railroad under an employee protection agreement entered into under
                section 908 of this title
    (b) Commencement of training as condition
        (b)
        Commencement of training as condition
            To be entitled for assistance under this section, an employee must begin his course of training within two years following the date of his separation from employment with the Milwaukee Railroad.
    (c) Filing of application; Board determination
        (c)
        Filing of application; Board determination
            Entitlement to expenses for assistance under this section shall be determined by the Board on the basis of an application therefor filed by an employee with the Board.
    (d) Assistance prohibited after
        (d)
        Assistance prohibited after
            April 1, 1984
            No assistance may be provided under this section after
                April 1, 1984
    (e) Definitions
        (e)
        Definitions
        As used in this section—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the term “expenses” means actual expenses paid for room, board, tuition, fees, or educational material in an amount not to exceed $3,000; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            the term “qualified institution” means an educational institution accredited for payment by the Veterans’ Administration under chapter 36 of title 38, or a State-accredited institution which has been in existence for not less than two years.
§ 912. Election
        Any employee who receives any assistance under section 909 or
            section 911 of this title
            section 908 of this title
§ 913. Authorization of appropriations
    (a) 
        (a)
        There is authorized to be appropriated to provide supplementary unemployment insurance under
            section 909 of this title
    (b) 
        (b)
        There is authorized to be appropriated for new career training assistance under
            section 911 of this title
    (c) 
        (c)
        There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out its administrative expenses under this chapter and the Rock Island Railroad Transition and Employee Assistance Act [
            45 U.S.C. 1001
            October 1, 1980
            45 U.S.C. 1001
    (d) 
        (d)
        There are authorized to be appropriated $15,000,000 for purposes of providing transaction assistance in accordance with section 825(h)(1)(A) and (B) of this title.
    (e) 
        (e)
        Amounts appropriated under this section are authorized to remain available until expended.
§ 914. Obligation guarantees
    (a) Authorization
        (a)
        Authorization
            The Secretary of Transportation, under the authority of
                section 831 of this title
                section 908 of this title
                section 831 of this title
    (b) Obligations as administrative expense
        (b)
        Obligations as administrative expense
            Any obligation guaranteed pursuant to this section shall be treated as an administrative expense of the estate of the Milwaukee Railroad.
    (c) Limit on aggregate unpaid principal amount
        (c)
        Limit on aggregate unpaid principal amount
            The aggregate unpaid principal amount of obligations which may be guaranteed by the Secretary pursuant to this section shall not exceed $75,000,000.
    (d) Limit on total liability
        (d)
        Limit on total liability
            The total liability of the Milwaukee Railroad in connection with benefits and allowances provided under an employee protection agreement entered into under
                section 908 of this title
    (e) Liability of United States respecting section 908 agreements
        (e)
        Liability of United States respecting section 908 agreements
            Except in connection with obligations guaranteed under this section, the United States shall incur no liability to employees in connection with any employee protection agreement entered into under
                section 908 of this title
    (f) Applicability of
        (f)
        Applicability of
            section 22404 of title 49
                Section 22404 of title 49
§ 915. Court approved abandonment and sales in pending cases
    (a) Abandonment of lines of railroad under Bankruptcy Act
        (a)
        Abandonment of lines of railroad under Bankruptcy Act
        1 
            1 
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in any case pending under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act on
                November 4, 1979
                section 1170 of title 11
                1
                1 
                    1
    (b) Sale or transfer of lines of railroad under Bankruptcy Act
        (b)
        Sale or transfer of lines of railroad under Bankruptcy Act
        (1) 
            (1)
            Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in any case pending under section 77 of the Bankruptcy Act on
                November 4, 1979
                November 1, 1979
                1
        (2) 
            (2)
            The court described in paragraph (1) may not authorize a sale or transfer pursuant to such paragraph unless an appropriate application with respect to such sale or transfer is initiated with the Commission and, within such time as the court may fix, not exceeding 180 days, the Commission, with or without a hearing, as the Commission may determine, and with or without modification or condition, approves such application, or does not act on such application. Any action or order of the Commission approving, modifying, conditioning, or disapproving such application is subject to review by the court only under sections 706(2)(A), 706(2)(B), 706(2)(C), and 706(2)(D) of title 5.
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                If a person has made or makes an offer to acquire from a carrier subject to liquidation a rail line or lines over which no service is provided by that carrier, and that offer has been or is rejected by the trustee in bankruptcy of such carrier, such person may submit an application to the Commission seeking approval of such person’s acquisition of such line or lines. A copy of any such application shall be filed simultaneously with the court.
            (B) 
                (B)
                The Commission shall, within 15 days after the filing of an application under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, determine whether the applicant—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    is a financially responsible person; and
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    has made a bona fide offer to acquire the line or lines under reasonable terms.
            (C) 
                (C)
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    If the Commission’s determination under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph is affirmative with respect to the matters referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of such subparagraph, the applicant and the trustee in bankruptcy (hereafter in this paragraph referred to collectively as the “parties”) shall enter into negotiations with respect to terms for the acquisition of the line or lines applied for. If the parties at any time agree on such terms, a request for approval of the acquisition shall be filed with the Commission and the court. If the parties are unable to agree to such terms within 30 days after the date of the Commission’s determination under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, either party may, within 60 days after the expiration of such 30-day period, request the Commission to prescribe terms for such acquisition, including compensation for the line or lines to be acquired. The Commission shall prescribe such terms within 60 days after any such request is made. The terms prescribed by the Commission shall be binding upon both parties, subject to court review as provided in subparagraph (D) of this paragraph, except that the applicant may withdraw its offer within 10 days after the Commission prescribes such terms.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    If more than one applicant has requested under this subparagraph that the Commission prescribe the terms of acquisition for the same or overlapping lines or portions of such lines, the Commission shall prescribe terms for such acquisition which it determines best serve the public interest.
            (D) 
                (D)
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    Within 15 days after the Commission prescribes terms under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, the Commission shall transmit such terms to the court, unless the offer is withdrawn under such subparagraph. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the court shall, within 60 days after such transmittal, approve the acquisition under terms prescribed by the Commission if the compensation for the line or lines is not less than that required as a constitutional minimum.
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    Except as provided in this subparagraph, no action shall be taken by the court which would prejudice the acquisition which is the subject of an application under this paragraph.
            (E) 
                (E)
                The Commission shall require that any person acquiring a line or lines under this paragraph use, to the maximum extent practicable, employees or former employees of the carrier subject to liquidation in the operation of service on such line or lines.
            (F) 
                (F)
                No person acquiring a line under this paragraph may transfer or discontinue service on such line prior to the expiration of 4 years after such acquisition.
            (G) 
                (G)
                The Commission shall, within 45 days after
                    January 14, 1983
            (H) 
                (H)
                As used in this paragraph, the term—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    “carrier subject to liquidation” means a carrier which, on
                        January 14, 1983
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    “the court” means the court having bankruptcy jurisdiction over the carrier subject to liquidation; and
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    “financially responsible person” means a person capable of compensating the carrier subject to liquidation for the acquisition of the line or lines proposed to be acquired and able to cover expenses associated with providing service over such line or lines for a period of not less than 4 years.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Pending review of an application by the Commission pursuant to paragraph (2) of this subsection, the court described in paragraph (1) may, on a preliminary basis, authorize the sale or transfer proposed in such application. The court may permit the purchasing carrier to operate interim service over the lines to be purchased, and in operating such service it shall use employees of the carrier subject to the bankruptcy proceeding to the extent such purchasing carrier deems necessary for the operation of such service.
    (c) Judicial review
        (c)
        Judicial review
        Any action or order of the Commission approving, modifying, conditioning, or disapproving an application for the sale or transfer of rail property that is filed with the Commission before
            November 1, 1979
            November 4, 1979
        (1) 
            (1)
            is subject to review by the court only under sections 706(2)(A), 706(2)(B), 706(2)(C), and 706(2)(D) of title 5; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            may not be stayed by the Commission.
    (d) Authority of bankruptcy court
        (d)
        Authority of bankruptcy court
            The authority of the bankruptcy court to authorize abandonments, sales, and transfers of lines of the Milwaukee Railroad shall be governed by the provisions of
                section 904 of this title
    (e) Effect on priorities and timing of employee protection payments
        (e)
        Effect on priorities and timing of employee protection payments
            Nothing in this section shall be deemed to affect the priorities or timing of payment of employee protection which might have existed in the absence of this chapter.
§ 916. Repealed.
§ 917. Applicability of National Environmental Policy Act
        The provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act [
            42 U.S.C. 4321
§ 918. Authority of Railroad Retirement Board
    (a) 
        (a)
        The Board may prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out its duties under this chapter.
    (b) 
        (b)
        In carrying out its duties under this chapter, the Board may exercise such of the powers, duties, and remedies provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d) of
            section 362 of this title
§ 919. Publications and reports
    (a) 
        (a)
        1 
        Within 30 days after
            November 4, 1979
            1
            1 
                1
    (b) 
        (b)
        During the 2-year period beginning on
            November 4, 1979
§ 920. Continuation of service
    (a) 
        (a)
        Until the occurrence of an event described in subsection (b) of this section, the Milwaukee Railroad (1) shall maintain its entire railroad system, as it existed on
            October 15, 1979
    (b) 
        (b)
        The Milwaukee Railroad shall comply with the requirements of subsection (a) of this section until—
        (1) 
            (1)
            an employee or employee-shipper ownership plan is not submitted to the Interstate Commerce Commission within the time period prescribed under
                section 905(a) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            the proposed plan is found by the Commission not to be feasible or the Commission does not act within 30 days;
        (3) 
            (3)
            the proposed plan is found by the bankruptcy court not to be fair and equitable to the estate of the Milwaukee Railroad; or
        (4) 
            (4)
            the plan is not implemented within the time period prescribed under
                section 905(c) of this title
§ 921. Office of Rail Public Counsel
        The Office of Rail Public Counsel may appear and be heard in the case in the bankruptcy court involving the reorganization of the Milwaukee Railroad, for purposes of representing affected shippers, localities, and municipalities with respect to the proposed abandonment of any line of the Milwaukee Railroad.
§ 922. Employee stock ownership plan for surviving portion of Milwaukee Railroad
        If an event described in
            section 920(b) of this title
            45 U.S.C. 661
§ 1001. Congressional findings
    (1) 
        (1)
        uninterrupted continuation of services over Rock Island lines is dependent on adequate employee protection provisions covering Rock Island Railroad employees who are not hired by other railroads;
    (2) 
        (2)
        for those Rock Island Railroad employees not hired by other rail carriers, there is no other practicable means of obtaining funds to meet the necessary costs of such employee protection that are assumed by the Rock Island Railroad;
    (3) 
        (3)
        a cessation of necessary operations of the Rock Island Railroad would have serious repercussions on the economies of the States in which such railroad principally operates; and
    (4) 
        (4)
        premature cessation of services over lines which are the subject of pending purchase application would result in harm to the shipping public and could imperil continuation of vital commuter service.
§ 1002. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        “bankruptcy court” means the court having jurisdiction over the reorganization of the Rock Island Railroad;
    (2) 
        (2)
        “Board” means the Railroad Retirement Board;
    (3) 
        (3)
        “Commission” means the Interstate Commerce Commission;
    (4) 
        (4)
        “employee” includes any employee of the Rock Island Railroad as of
            August 1, 1979
    (5) 
        (5)
        the term “Rock Island Railroad” means the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company, the estate of such Company in its reorganization proceeding, or the trustee appointed in such proceeding; and
    (6) 
        (6)
        the term “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation.
§ 1003. Service continuation
    (a) Situations requiring directed service; time period
        (a)
        Situations requiring directed service; time period
        Notwithstanding the provisions of
            Public Law 96–131
        (1) 
            (1)
            a lack of rail service exists which cannot be resolved by a grant of interim operating authority over such line and grains or foods are ready to be shipped to market; or
        (2) 
            (2)
            a lack of rail service exists which cannot be resolved by a grant of interim operating authority over such line and a rail carrier, shipper, State, or other interested party has expressed in writing to the Secretary an interest in purchasing, leasing, or rehabilitating the particular rail line or facility for purposes of providing rail services, and there is a reasonable expectation that such transaction will be consummated.
    (b) Availability of funds
        (b)
        Availability of funds
        (1) 
            (1)
            Not more than $15,000,000 of the funds available for expenditure by the Secretary out of the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Fund established under chapter 224 of title 49 may be made available by the Secretary to the Commission for purposes of providing directed service under this section.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Funds may be made available for directed service under this section without regard to the findings of the Secretary required under chapter 224 of title 49, including section 22404 of such title, shall not apply to any directed service provided with such funds.
    (c) Continuation of compensation terms for trackage rights, joint facilities, etc.
        (c)
        Continuation of compensation terms for trackage rights, joint facilities, etc.
            The terms of compensation for all trackage rights, joint facilities, and similar arrangements between other rail carriers and the trustee of the Rock Island Railroad which are in effect on or after
                March 15, 1980
§ 1004. Railroad hiring
    (a) 
        (a)
        Each person who is an employee of the Rock Island Railroad on
            August 1, 1979
            January 1, 1984
    (b) 
        (b)
        The rights afforded to Rock Island Railroad employees by this section shall be coequal to the rights afforded to Chicago, Milwaukee, Saint Paul and Pacific Railroad Company employees by
            section 907 of this title
§ 1005. Employee protection agreement
    (a) Authorization; time for agreement; use of funds
        (a)
        Authorization; time for agreement; use of funds
        The Secretary and the representatives of the various classes and crafts of employees of the Rock Island Railroad shall, not later than 90 days after
            January 14, 1983
        (1) 
            (1)
            Subsistence allowances to employees.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Moving expenses for employees who must make a change in residence.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Retraining expenses for employees who are seeking employment in new areas.
        (4) 
            (4)
            Separation allowances for employees.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Health and welfare insurance premiums.
        (6) 
            (6)
            Such other purposes as may be agreed upon by the parties.
    (b) Failure to reach agreement; benefit schedule
        (b)
        Failure to reach agreement; benefit schedule
            If the parties are unable to reach agreement within the time period specified in subsection (a) of this section, the Secretary shall, within 30 days after the expiration of such time period, prescribe a schedule of benefits for employee protection not inconsistent with the provisions of this chapter.
    (c) Limitations on funds
        (c)
        Limitations on funds
            Any agreement entered into under subsection (a) of this section, and any benefit schedule prescribed under subsection (b) of this section, shall not require the expenditure of funds in excess of amounts authorized to be appropriated under
                section 727(f)(1)(C) of this title
                April 1, 1984
    (d) Administration of funds; promulgation of regulations
        (d)
        Administration of funds; promulgation of regulations
            The Board shall, in such manner as it shall prescribe by regulation, administer the distribution of funds under any agreement entered into or benefit schedule prescribed under this section, and shall determine the amount for which each employee is eligible under such agreement or benefit schedule. Such regulation shall include procedures to resolve by final and binding arbitration any dispute over an employee’s eligibility or claim.
§ 1006. Repealed.
§ 1007. Election
    (a) Assistance received under employee protection agreement; waiver of other employee protection benefits; exception
        (a)
        Assistance received under employee protection agreement; waiver of other employee protection benefits; exception
            Any employee who receives any assistance under an employee protection agreement entered into or benefit schedule prescribed under
                section 1005 of this title
                section 1014 of this title
                March 4, 1980
    (b) Filing of statement
        (b)
        Filing of statement
            Any employee of the Rock Island Railroad who is entitled to receive assistance under this chapter shall, no later than 120 days after the effective date of any agreement entered into under
                section 1005(a) of this title
                section 1005(b) of this title
    (c) Effect on priority, timing, etc., of employee protection payments
        (c)
        Effect on priority, timing, etc., of employee protection payments
            With regard to any employee who elects benefits under subsection (b)(2) of this section, nothing in this chapter shall be deemed to determine or otherwise affect the priority, status, or timing of payment of, or the liability for any claim for, employee protection which might have existed in the absence of this chapter.
    (d) Limitation on assistance eligibility
        (d)
        Limitation on assistance eligibility
        An employee shall not be eligible to receive any assistance (other than moving expenses) under an employee protection agreement entered into or benefit schedule prescribed under
            section 1005 of this title
            section 1014 of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            during any period in which such employee is employed by any rail carrier providing temporary service over any lines of the Rock Island Railroad; or
        (2) 
            (2)
            at any time after the date such employee receives an offer of employment, in his craft and for which such employee is qualified, from a rail carrier acquiring lines of the Rock Island Railroad.
§ 1008. Repealed.
§ 1009. Expedited proceedings
    (a) 
        (a)
        The Commission shall give all proceedings involving the Rock Island Railroad preference over all other pending proceedings related to rail carriers and make all of its decisions at the earliest practicable time.
    (b) 
        (b)
        The Commission shall, within 100 days of the filing of an application (or such shorter period as the court may set) pursuant to
            section 915 of this title
            January 1, 1980
§ 1010. Applicability of National Environmental Policy Act and
        The provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act [
            42 U.S.C. 4321
            section 6362(b) of title 42
§ 1011. Authority of Railroad Retirement Board
    (a) 
        (a)
        The Board may prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out its duties under this chapter.
    (b) 
        (b)
        In carrying out its duties under this chapter, the Board may exercise such of the powers, duties, and remedies provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d) of
            section 362 of this title
§ 1012. Publications and reports
    1 
        1 
        Within 45 days after
            May 30, 1980
            1
            1 
                1
§ 1013. Repealed.
§ 1014. New career training assistance
    (a) Eligible employees
        (a)
        Eligible employees
            An employee who elects to receive a separation allowance under an employee protection agreement entered into or a benefit schedule prescribed under
                section 1005 of this title
    (b) Conditions for assistance
        (b)
        Conditions for assistance
        To be eligible for assistance under this section, an employee—
        (1) 
            (1)
            must first exhaust any Federal educational benefits available to such employee under any existing program; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            must begin his course of training within 2 years following the date of such employee’s separation from employment with the Rock Island Railroad.
    (c) Determination of reasonable expenses by Board
        (c)
        Determination of reasonable expenses by Board
            Reasonable expenses for assistance under this section shall be determined by the Board on the basis of an application therefor filed by an employee with the Board.
    (d) Assistance prohibited after
        (d)
        Assistance prohibited after
            April 1, 1984
            No assistance may be provided under this section after
                April 1, 1984
    (e) Definitions
        (e)
        Definitions
        As used in this section—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the term “expenses” means actual, reasonable expenses paid for room, board, tuition, fees, or educational material in an amount not to exceed $3,000; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            the term “qualified institution” means an educational institution accredited for payment by the Veterans’ Administration under chapter 36 of title 38, or a State-accredited institution which has been in existence for not less than 2 years.
§ 1015. Repealed.
§ 1016. Temporary rail banking
    (1) 
        (1)
        a rail carrier, shipper, State, or other interested party has expressed in writing an interest in purchasing, leasing or rehabilitating the particular rail line or facility for purposes of providing rail service; and
    (2) 
        (2)
        there is a reasonable expectation that such purchase transaction will be consummated.
§ 1017. Temporary operating approval
    (a) Use of tracks and facilities by other rail carriers; terms of compensation; continuation of service
        (a)
        Use of tracks and facilities by other rail carriers; terms of compensation; continuation of service
            The Commission may authorize any rail carrier willing to do so voluntarily to use the tracks and facilities of a carrier which, on
                January 14, 1983
    (b) Use of employees
        (b)
        Use of employees
            In carrying out the provisions of this section, the Commission shall require, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of the employees who would normally have performed work in connection with the traffic subject to the action of the Commission.
§ 1018. Judicial review
    (a) Appeals
        (a)
        Appeals
        Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any appeal from—
        (1) 
            (1)
            any decision of the bankruptcy court with respect to the constitutionality of any provision of this chapter; and
        (2) 
            (2)
            any decision of the court having jurisdiction over the reorganization of the Milwaukee Railroad with respect to the constitutionality of the Milwaukee Railroad Restructuring Act (
                45 U.S.C. 901
        shall be taken to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
    (b) Appellate proceedings
        (b)
        Appellate proceedings
        1 
            1 
            If appeals are taken from decisions described in subsection (a) of this section involving section 1005 or 1008
                1
                1 
                    1
                45 U.S.C. 908
    (c) Action in United States Court of Claims
        (c)
        Action in United States Court of Claims
            Nothing in this chapter or in the Milwaukee Railroad Restructuring Act (
                45 U.S.C. 901
                1
                section 1491 of title 28
§ 1101. Congressional findings and declarations
    (1) 
        (1)
        the processes set in motion by the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973 [
            45 U.S.C. 701
    (2) 
        (2)
        current arrangements for the provision of rail freight and commuter service in the Northeast and Midwest regions of the United States are inadequate to meet the transportation needs of the public and the needs of national security;
    (3) 
        (3)
        although the Federal Government has provided billions of dollars in assistance for Conrail and its employees, the Federal interest in ensuring the flow of interstate commerce through rail service in the private sector has not been achieved, and the protection of interstate commerce requires Federal intervention to preserve essential rail service in the private sector;
    (4) 
        (4)
        the provisions for protection of employees of bankrupt railroads contained in the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973 [
            45 U.S.C. 701
    (5) 
        (5)
        since holding Conrail liable for employee protection payments would destroy its prospects of becoming a profitable carrier and further injure its employees, an alternative employee protection system must be developed and funded.
§ 1102. Statement of purpose
    (1) 
        (1)
        the removal by a date certain of the Federal Government’s obligation to subsidize the freight operations of Conrail;
    (2) 
        (2)
        transfer of Conrail commuter service responsibilities to one or more entities whose principal purpose is the provision of commuter service; and
    (3) 
        (3)
        an orderly return of Conrail freight service to the private sector.
§ 1103. Goals and objectives
    (1) Nonagreement personnel
        (1)
        Nonagreement personnel
        (A) 
            (A)
            Employees who are not subject to collective bargaining agreements (hereafter in this section referred to as “nonagreement personnel”) should forego wage increases and benefits in an amount proportionately equivalent to the amount foregone by agreement employees pursuant to paragraph (4) of this section, adjusted annually to reflect inflation.
        (B) 
            (B)
            After
                May 1, 1981
                section 797a of this title
    (2) Suppliers
        (2)
        Suppliers
            To facilitate the orderly movement of goods in interstate commerce, materials and services should continue to be available to Conrail, under normal business practices, including the provision of credit and normal financing arrangements.
    (3) Shippers
        (3)
        Shippers
            Conrail should utilize the revenue opportunities available to it under the Staggers Rail Act of 1980 and subtitle IV of title 49.
    (4) Agreement employees
        (4)
        Agreement employees
        (A) 
            (A)
            Conrail should enter into collective bargaining agreements with its employees which would reduce Conrail’s costs in an amount equal to $200,000,000 a year, beginning
                April 1, 1981
        (B) 
            (B)
            Agreements under this subparagraph may provide for reductions in wage increases and for changes in fringe benefits common to agreement employees, including vacations and holidays.
        (C) 
            (C)
            The cost reductions required under this subparagraph in the first year of the agreement may be deferred, but the aggregate cost reductions should be no less than an average of $200,000,000 per year for each of the first three one-year periods beginning
                April 1, 1981
        (D) 
            (D)
            The amount of cost reductions provided under this paragraph shall be calculated by subtracting the cost of an agreement entered into under this paragraph from (i) the cost that would otherwise result from the application of the national agreement reached by railroad industry and its employees, or (ii) until such national agreement is reached, the cost which the United States Railway Association estimates would result from the application of such a national agreement.
§ 1104. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        “Amtrak” means the National Railroad Passenger Corporation created under chapter 243 of title 49.
    (2) 
        (2)
        “Commission” means the Interstate Commerce Commission.
    (3) 
        (3)
        “Commuter authority” means any State, local, or regional authority, corporation, or other entity established for purposes of providing commuter service, and includes the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the Connecticut Department of Transportation, the Maryland Department of Transportation, the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, the New Jersey Transit Corporation, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, the Port Authority Trans-Hudson Corporation, any successor agencies, and any entity created by one or more such agencies for the purpose of operating, or contracting for the operation of, commuter service.
    (4) 
        (4)
        “Commuter service” means short-haul rail passenger service operated in metropolitan and suburban areas, whether within or across the geographical boundaries of a State, usually characterized by reduced fare, multiple-ride, and commutation tickets, and by morning and evening peak period operations.
    (5) 
        (5)
        “Conrail” means the Consolidated Rail Corporation created under title III of the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973 (
            45 U.S.C. 741
    (6) 
        (6)
        “Rail carrier” means a common carrier engaged in interstate or foreign commerce by rail subject to subtitle IV of title 49.
    (7) 
        (7)
        “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation.
    (8) 
        (8)
        “Special court” means the judicial panel established under section 209(b)(1) of the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973 (
            45 U.S.C. 719(b)(1)
            45 U.S.C. 719(b)(2)
§ 1105. Judicial review
    (a) Special court; exclusive jurisdiction for civil actions
        (a)
        Special court; exclusive jurisdiction for civil actions
        Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the special court shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action—
        (1) 
            (1)
            for injunctive, declaratory, or other relief relating to the enforcement, operation, execution, or interpretation of any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle or part 2 of the Conrail Privatization Act [
                45 U.S.C. 1311
        (2) 
            (2)
            challenging the constitutionality of any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle or part 2 of the Conrail Privatization Act [
                45 U.S.C. 1311
        (3) 
            (3)
            to obtain, inspect, copy, or review any document in the possession or control of the Secretary, Conrail, the United States Railway Association, or Amtrak that would be discoverable in litigation under any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle or part 2 of the Conrail Privatization Act [
                45 U.S.C. 1311
        (4) 
            (4)
            seeking judgment upon any claim against the United States founded upon the Constitution and resulting from the operation of any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle or part 2 of the Conrail Privatization Act [
                45 U.S.C. 1311
    (b) Appeal
        (b)
        Appeal
            An order or judgment of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia in any action referred to in this section shall be reviewable in accordance with sections 1291, 1292, and 1294 of title 28.
    (c) Scope of review of administrative actions
        (c)
        Scope of review of administrative actions
            Administrative action under the provisions of or amendments made by this subtitle or part 2 of the Conrail Privatization Act [
                45 U.S.C. 1311
                section 706 of title 5
                45 U.S.C. 1311
§ 1106. Exemption from transfer taxes and fees; recordation
    (a) 
        (a)
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            All transfers or conveyances of any interest in rail property (whether real, personal, or mixed) which are made under any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle shall be exempt from any taxes, imposts, or levies now or hereby imposed, by the United States or by any State or any political subdivision of a State, on or in connection with such transfers or conveyances or on the recording of deeds, bills of sale, liens, encumbrances, easements, or other instruments evidencing, effectuating, or incident to any such transfers or conveyances, whether imposed on the transferor or on the transferee. Such transferors and transferees shall be entitled to record any such deeds, bills of sale, liens, encumberances,
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            This section shall not apply to Federal income tax laws.
    (b) 
        (b)
        Transfer of designated real property (including any interest in real property) authorized by the amendments made by part 2 of this subtitle shall have the same effect for purposes of rights and priorities with respect to such property as recordation on the transfer date of appropriate deeds, or other appropriate instruments, in offices appointed under State law for such recordation, except that acquiring rail carriers and other entities shall proffer such deeds or other instruments for recordation within 36 months after the transfer date as a condition of preserving such rights and priorities beyond the expiration of that period. Conrail shall cooperate in effecting the timely preparation, execution, and proffering for recordation of such deeds and other instruments.
§ 1107. Repealed.
§ 1108. Concerted economic action
    (a) Strikes interfering with rail freight service of Conrail
        (a)
        Strikes interfering with rail freight service of Conrail
            Any person engaging in concerted economic action over disputes with Amtrak Commuter or any commuter authority shall not be entitled to engage in any strike against, or otherwise to induce any employee of, Conrail, where an effect thereof is to interfere with rail freight service provided by Conrail.
    (b) Strikes interfering with Amtrak Commuter’s rail passenger service
        (b)
        Strikes interfering with Amtrak Commuter’s rail passenger service
            Any person engaging in concerted economic action over disputes arising out of freight operations provided by Conrail shall not be entitled to engage in any strike against, or otherwise to induce any employee of, Amtrak Commuter or any commuter authority, where an effect thereof is to interfere with rail passenger service.
    (c) Railway Labor Act deemed violated
        (c)
        Railway Labor Act deemed violated
            Any concerted action in violation of this section shall be deemed to be a violation of the Railway Labor Act [
                45 U.S.C. 151
§ 1109. Effectuation of cost reductions
    1 
        1 
        Any cost reductions resulting from the provisions of or the amendments made by this subtitle shall not be used to limit the maximum level of any rate charged by Conrail for the provision of rail service, to limit the amount of any increase in any such rate (including rates maintained jointly by Conrail and other rail carriers), or to limit a surcharge or cancellation otherwise lawful under chapter 107
            1
            1 
                1
§ 1110. Repealed.
§ 1111. Repealed.
§ 1112. Interstate Commerce Commission proceedings
    (a) Final decisions involving railroads in bankruptcy
        (a)
        Final decisions involving railroads in bankruptcy
            Notwithstanding any other provision of subtitle IV of title 49, in any proceeding before the Commission under section 11324 or 11325 of title 49 involving a railroad in the Region, as defined in
                section 702 of this title
                November 4, 1979
    (b) Final decisions involving profitable railroads
        (b)
        Final decisions involving profitable railroads
            Notwithstanding any other provision of subtitle IV of title 49, in any proceeding before the Commission under section 11324 or 11325 of title 49 involving a profitable railroad in the Region, as defined in
                section 702 of this title
                section 721(a) of this title
    (c) Interest of United States attaching in bankruptcy, liquidation, abandonment, etc.
        (c)
        Interest of United States attaching in bankruptcy, liquidation, abandonment, etc.
        (1) 
            (1)
            If the Secretary determines under subsection (b) that there is an agreement between a profitable railroad in the Region (as defined in
                section 702 of this title
                section 721(a) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            If the interest of the United States is limited under paragraph (1), any new debt issued by such a railroad subsequent to the issuance of the debt described in paragraph (1) may have such higher priority in the event of bankruptcy, liquidation, or abandonment of the assets of such a railroad than the debt described in such paragraph as the Secretary and the railroad may agree.
        (3) 
            (3)
            In carrying out the duties under this subsection, the Secretary may (A) enter into such agreements, (B) in accordance with any such agreements, cancel or cause to be cancelled or amend or cause to be amended any notes or securities currently held by agencies or instrumentalities of the United States, and (C) accept in exchange as substitution therefor such instruments evidencing the indebtedness owed to such agencies or instrumentalities as, in the Secretary’s judgment, will effectuate the purposes of this subsection.
§ 1113. Intercity passenger service
    (a) Responsibility of Conrail to provide crews terminated; negotiations for employee transfers
        (a)
        Responsibility of Conrail to provide crews terminated; negotiations for employee transfers
            After
                January 1, 1983
                August 13, 1981
    (b) Eligibility of employees for employee protection benefits
        (b)
        Eligibility of employees for employee protection benefits
        1 
            1 
            Conrail employees who are deprived of employment by an assumption or discontinuance of intercity passenger service by Amtrak shall be eligible for employee protection benefits under section 797
                1
                1 
                    1
§ 1114. Repealed.
§ 1115. Redemption of stock
    1 
        1 
        For the purpose of computing the amount for which certificates of value shall be redeemable under
            section 746 of this title
            1
            1 
                1
            section 1105(a)(4) of this title
            section 746 of this title
§ 1116. Applicability of other laws
    (a) 
        (a)
        1 
        The provisions of chapters 5 and 7 of title 5 (popularly known as the Administrative Procedure Act and including provisions popularly known as the Government in the Sunshine Act), chapter 10 of title 5, section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 [
            42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)
            section 303 of title 49
            45 U.S.C. 761
            1
            1 
                1
            45 U.S.C. 1301
    (b) 
        (b)
        The operation of trains by Conrail shall not be subject to the requirement of any State or local law which specifies the minimum number of crew members who must be employed in connection with the operation of such trains.
§ 1201. Findings
    (1) 
        (1)
        the Alaska Railroad, which was built by the Federal Government to serve the transportation and development needs of the Territory of Alaska, presently is providing freight and passenger services that primarily benefit residents and businesses in the State of Alaska;
    (2) 
        (2)
        many communities and individuals in Alaska are wholly or substantially dependent on the Alaska Railroad for freight and passenger service and provision of such service is an essential governmental function;
    (3) 
        (3)
        continuation of services of the Alaska Railroad and the opportunity for future expansion of those services are necessary to achieve Federal, State, and private objectives; however, continued Federal control and financial support are no longer necessary to accomplish these objectives;
    (4) 
        (4)
        the transfer of the Alaska Railroad and provision for its operation by the State in the manner contemplated by this chapter is made pursuant to the Federal goal and ongoing program of transferring appropriate activities to the States;
    (5) 
        (5)
        the State’s continued operation of the Alaska Railroad following the transfer contemplated by this chapter, together with such expansion of the railroad as may be necessary or convenient in the future, will constitute an appropriate public use of the rail system and associated properties, will provide an essential governmental service, and will promote the general welfare of Alaska’s residents and visitors; and
    (6) 
        (6)
        in order to give the State government the ability to determine the Alaska Railroad’s role in serving the State’s transportation needs in the future, including the opportunity to extend rail service, and to provide a savings to the Federal Government, the Federal Government should offer to transfer the railroad to the State, in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, in the same manner in which other Federal transportation functions (including highways and airports) have been transferred since Alaska became a State in 1959.
§ 1202. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        1 
        “Alaska Railroad” means the agency of the United States Government that is operated by the Department of Transportation as a rail carrier in Alaska under authority of the Act of
            March 12, 1914
            43 U.S.C. 975
            1
            1 
                1
    (2) 
        (2)
        “Alaska Railroad Revolving Fund” means the public enterprise fund maintained by the Department of the Treasury into which revenues of the Alaska Railroad and appropriations for the Alaska Railroad are deposited, and from which funds are expended for Alaska Railroad operation, maintenance and construction work authorized by law;
    (3) 
        (3)
        “claim of valid existing rights” means any claim to the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad on record in the Department of the Interior as of
            January 13, 1983
    (4) 
        (4)
        “date of transfer” means the date on which the Secretary delivers to the State the four documents referred to in
            section 1203(b)(1) of this title
    (5) 
        (5)
        “employees” means all permanent personnel employed by the Alaska Railroad on the date of transfer, including the officers of the Alaska Railroad, unless otherwise indicated in this chapter;
    (6) 
        (6)
        “exclusive-use easement” means an easement which affords to the easement holder the following:
        (A) 
            (A)
            the exclusive right to use, possess, and enjoy the surface estate of the land subject to this easement for transportation, communication, and transmission purposes and for support functions associated with such purposes;
        (B) 
            (B)
            the right to use so much of the subsurface estate of the lands subject to this easement as is necessary for the transportation, communication, and transmission purposes and associated support functions for which the surface of such lands is used;
        (C) 
            (C)
            subjacent and lateral support of the lands subject to the easement; and
        (D) 
            (D)
            the right (in the easement holder’s discretion) to fence all or part of the lands subject to this easement and to affix track, fixtures, and structures to such lands and to exclude other persons from all or part of such lands;
    (7) 
        (7)
        “Native Corporation” has the same meaning as such term has under section 102(6) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (
            16 U.S.C. 3102(6)
    (8) 
        (8)
        “officers of the Alaska Railroad” means the employees occupying the following positions at the Alaska Railroad as of the day before the date of transfer: General Manager; Assistant General Manager; Assistant to the General Manager; Chief of Administration; and Chief Counsel;
    (9) 
        (9)
        “public lands” has the same meaning as such term has under section 3(e) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (
            43 U.S.C. 1602(e)
    (10) 
        (10)
        “rail properties of the Alaska Railroad” means all right, title, and interest of the United States to lands, buildings, facilities, machinery, equipment, supplies, records, rolling stock, trade names, accounts receivable, goodwill, and other real and personal property, both tangible and intangible, in which there is an interest reserved, withdrawn, appropriated, owned, administered or otherwise held or validly claimed for the Alaska Railroad by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof as of
            January 14, 1983
        (A) 
            (A)
            the unexercised reservation to the United States for future rights-of-way required in all patents for land taken up, entered, or located in Alaska, as provided by the Act of
                March 12, 1914
                43 U.S.C. 975
        (B) 
            (B)
            the right of the United States to exercise the power of eminent domain;
        (C) 
            (C)
            any moneys in the Alaska Railroad Revolving Fund which the Secretary demonstrates, in consultation with the State, are unobligated funds appropriated from general tax revenues or are needed to satisfy obligations incurred by the United States in connection with the operation of the Alaska Railroad which would have been paid from such Fund but for this chapter and which are not assumed by the State pursuant to this chapter;
        (D) 
            (D)
            any personal property which the Secretary demonstrates, in consultation with the State, prior to the date of transfer under
                section 1203 of this title
        (E) 
            (E)
            any lands or interest therein (except as specified in this chapter) within the boundaries of the Denali National Park and Preserve;
    (11) 
        (11)
        “right-of-way” means, except as used in
            section 1208 of this title
        (A) 
            (A)
            an area extending not less than one hundred feet on both sides of the center line of any main line or branch line of the Alaska Railroad; or
        (B) 
            (B)
            an area extending on both sides of the center line of any main line or branch line of the Alaska Railroad appropriated or retained by or for the Alaska Railroad that, as a result of military jurisdiction over, or non-Federal ownership of, lands abutting the main line or branch line, is of a width less than that described in subparagraph (A) of this paragraph;
    (12) 
        (12)
        “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation;
    (13) 
        (13)
        “State” means the State of Alaska or the State-owned railroad, as the context requires;
    (14) 
        (14)
        “State-owned railroad” means the authority, agency, corporation or other entity which the State of Alaska designates or contracts with to own, operate or manage the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad or, as the context requires, the railroad owned, operated, or managed by such authority, agency, corporation, or other entity; and
    (15) 
        (15)
        “Village Corporation” has the same meaning as such term has under section 3(j) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (
            43 U.S.C. 1602(j)
§ 1203. Transfer authorization
    (a) Authority of Secretary; time, manner, etc., of transfer
        (a)
        Authority of Secretary; time, manner, etc., of transfer
            Subject to the provisions of this chapter, the United States, through the Secretary, shall transfer all rail properties of the Alaska Railroad to the State. Such transfer shall occur as soon as practicable after the Secretary has made the certifications required by subsection (d) of this section and shall be accomplished in the manner specified in subsection (b) of this section.
    (b) Simultaneous and interim transfers, conveyances, etc.
        (b)
        Simultaneous and interim transfers, conveyances, etc.
        (1) 
            (1)
            On the date of transfer, the Secretary shall simultaneously:
            (A) 
                (A)
                deliver to the State a bill of sale conveying title to all rail properties of the Alaska Railroad except any interest in real property;
            (B) 
                (B)
                deliver to the State an interim conveyance of the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad that are not conveyed pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this paragraph and are not subject to unresolved claims of valid existing rights;
            (C) 
                (C)
                deliver to the State an exclusive license granting the State the right to use all rail properties of the Alaska Railroad not conveyed pursuant to subparagraphs (A) or (B) of this paragraph pending conveyances in accordance with the review and settlement or final administrative adjudication of claims of valid existing rights;
            (D) 
                (D)
                convey to the State a deed granting the State (i) an exclusive-use easement for that portion of the right-of-way of the Alaska Railroad within the Denali National Park and Preserve extending not less than one hundred feet on either side of the main or branch line tracks, and eight feet on either side of the centerline of the “Y” track connecting the main line of the railroad to the power station at McKinley Park Station and (ii) title to railroad-related improvements within such right-of-way.
            Prior to taking the action specified in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of this paragraph, the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior. The exclusive-use easement granted pursuant to subparagraph (D) of this paragraph and all rights afforded by such easement shall be exercised only for railroad purposes, and for such other transportation, transmission, or communication purposes for which lands subject to such easement were utilized as of
                January 14, 1983
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Secretary shall deliver to the State an interim conveyance of rail properties of the Alaska Railroad described in paragraph (1)(C) of this subsection that become available for conveyance to the State after the date of transfer as a result of settlement, relinquishment, or final administrative adjudication pursuant to
                section 1205 of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            The force and effect of an interim conveyance made pursuant to paragraphs (1)(B) or (2) of this subsection shall be to convey to and vest in the State exactly the same right, title, and interest in and to the rail properties identified therein as the State would have received had it been issued a patent by the United States. The Secretary of the Interior shall survey the land conveyed by an interim conveyance to the State pursuant to paragraphs (1)(B) or (2) of this subsection and, upon completion of the survey, the Secretary shall issue a patent therefor.
        (4) 
            (4)
            The license granted pursuant to paragraph (1)(C) of this subsection shall authorize the State to use, occupy, and directly receive all benefits of the rail properties described in the license for the operation of the State-owned railroad in conformity with the Memorandum of Understanding referred to in
                section 1205(b)(3) of this title
    (c) Reservations to United States in interim conveyances and patents
        (c)
        Reservations to United States in interim conveyances and patents
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            Interim conveyances and patents issued to the State pursuant to subsection (b) of this section shall confirm, convey and vest in the State all reservations to the United States (whether or not expressed in a particular patent or document of title), except the unexercised reservations to the United States for future rights-of-way made or required by the first section of the Act of
                March 12, 1914
                43 U.S.C. 975d
                section 615 of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            In the license granted under subsection (b)(1)(C) of this section and in all conveyances made to the State under this chapter, there shall be reserved to the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Agriculture, as appropriate, existing easements for administration (including agency transportation and utility purposes) that are identified in the report required by
                section 1204(a) of this title
        (3) 
            (3)
            There shall be reserved to the Secretary of the Interior the right to use and occupy, without compensation, five thousand square feet of land at Talkeetna, Alaska, as described in ARR lease numbered 69–25–0003–5165 for National Park Service administrative activities, so long as the use or occupation does not interfere with the operation of the State-owned railroad. This reservation shall be effective on the date of transfer under this section or the expiration date of such lease, whichever is later.
    (d) Certifications by Secretary; scope, subject matter, etc.
        (d)
        Certifications by Secretary; scope, subject matter, etc.
        (1) 
            (1)
            Prior to the date of transfer, the Secretary shall certify that the State has agreed to operate the railroad as a rail carrier in intrastate and interstate commerce.
        (2) 
            (2)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Prior to the date of transfer, the Secretary shall also certify that the State has agreed to assume all rights, liabilities, and obligations of the Alaska Railroad on the date of transfer, including leases, permits, licenses, contracts, agreements, claims, tariffs, accounts receivable, and accounts payable, except as otherwise provided by this chapter.
            (B) 
                (B)
                Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, the United States shall be solely responsible for—
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    all claims and causes of action against the Alaska Railroad that accrue on or before the date of transfer, regardless of the date on which legal proceedings asserting such claims were or may be filed, except that the United States shall, in the case of any tort claim, only be responsible for any such claim against the United States that accrues before the date of transfer and results in an award, compromise, or settlement of more than $2,500, and the United States shall not compromise or settle any claim resulting in State liability without the consent of the State, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    all claims that resulted in a judgment or award against the Alaska Railroad before the date of transfer.
            (C) 
                (C)
                For purposes of subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, the term “accrue” shall have the meaning contained in
                    section 2401 of title 28
            (D) 
                (D)
                Any hazardous substance, petroleum or other contaminant release at or from the State-owned rail properties that began prior to
                    January 5, 1985
                    42 U.S.C. 9601
                    1
        (3) 
            (3)
            (A) 
                (A)
                Prior to the date of transfer, the Secretary shall also certify that the State-owned railroad has established arrangements pursuant to
                    section 1206 of this title
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    which ensure that the State-owned railroad will adopt collective bargaining agreements in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (B) of this paragraph;
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    for the retention of all employees, other than officers of the Alaska Railroad, who elect to transfer to the State-owned railroad in their same positions for the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer, except in cases of reassignment, separation for cause, resignation, retirement, or lack of work;
                (iii) 
                    (iii)
                    for the payment of compensation to transferred employees (other than employees provided for in subparagraph (E) of this paragraph), except in cases of separation for cause, resignation, retirement, or lack of work, for two years commencing on the date of transfer at or above the base salary levels in effect for such employees on the date of transfer, unless the parties otherwise agree during that two-year period;
                (iv) 
                    (iv)
                    for priority of reemployment at the State-owned railroad during the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer for transferred employees who are separated for lack of work, in accordance with subparagraph (C) of this paragraph (except for officers of the Alaska Railroad, who shall receive such priority for one year following the date of transfer);
                (v) 
                    (v)
                    2 
                    for credit during the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer for accrued annual and sick leave, seniority rights, and relocation and turnaround travel allowances which have been accrued during their period of Federal employment by transfered
                        2
                        2 
                            2
                (vi) 
                    (vi)
                    for payment to transferred employees retained by the State-owned railroad during the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer, including for one year officers retained or separated under subparagraph (E) of this paragraph, of an amount equivalent to the cost-of-living allowance to which they are entitled as Federal employees on the day before the date of transfer, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (D) of this paragraph; and
                (vii) 
                    (vii)
                    for health and life insurance programs for transferred employees retained by the State-owned railroad during the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer, substantially equivalent to the Federal health and life insurance programs available to employees on the day before the date of transfer (except for officers of the Alaska Railroad, who shall receive such credit for one year following the date of transfer).
            (B) 
                (B)
                The State-owned railroad shall adopt all collective bargaining agreements which are in effect on the date of transfer. Such agreements shall continue in effect for the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer, unless the parties agree to the contrary before the expiration of that two-year period. Such agreements shall be renegotiated during the two-year period, unless the parties agree to the contrary. Any labor-management negotiation impasse declared before the date of transfer shall be settled in accordance with chapter 71 of title 5. Any impasse declared after the date of transfer shall be subject to applicable State law.
            (C) 
                (C)
                Federal service shall be included in the computation of seniority for transferred employees with priority for reemployment, as provided in subparagraph (A)(iv) of this paragraph.
            (D) 
                (D)
                Payment to transferred employees pursuant to subparagraph (A)(vi) of this paragraph shall not exceed the percentage of any transferred employee’s base salary level provided by the United States as a cost-of-living allowance on the day before the date of transfer, unless the parties agree to the contrary.
            (E) 
                (E)
                Prior to the date of transfer, the Secretary shall also certify that the State-owned railroad has agreed to the retention, for at least one year from the date of transfer, of the offices of the Alaska Railroad, except in cases of separation for cause, resignation, retirement, or lack of work, at or above their base salaries in effect on the date of transfer, in such positions as the State-owned railroad may determine; or to the payment of lump-sum severance pay in an amount equal to such base salary for one year to officers not retained by the State-owned railroad upon transfer or, for officers separated within one year on or after the date of transfer, of a portion of such lump-sum severance payment (diminished pro rata for employment by the State-owned railroad within one year of the date of transfer prior to separation).
        (4) 
            (4)
            Prior to the date of transfer, the Secretary shall also certify that the State has agreed to allow representatives of the Secretary adequate access to employees and records of the Alaska Railroad when needed for the performance of functions related to the period of Federal ownership.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Prior to the date of transfer, the Secretary shall also certify that the State has agreed to compensate the United States at the value, if any, determined pursuant to
                section 1204(d) of this title
§ 1204. Transition period
    (a) Joint report by Secretary and Governor of Alaska; contents, preparation, etc.
        (a)
        Joint report by Secretary and Governor of Alaska; contents, preparation, etc.
        1 
            1 
            Within 6 months after
                January 14, 1983
                1
                1 
                    1
                1
                section 1203(b)(1)(C) of this title
                section 1203(c)(2) of this title
    (b) Inspection, etc., of rail properties and records; terms and conditions; restrictions
        (b)
        Inspection, etc., of rail properties and records; terms and conditions; restrictions
        During the period from
            January 14, 1983
            section 1205(b)(3) of this title
        (1) 
            (1)
            make or incur any obligation to make any individual capital expenditure of money from the Alaska Railroad Revolving Fund in excess of $300,000;
        (2) 
            (2)
            (except as required by law) sell, exchange, give, or otherwise transfer any real property included in the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad; or
        (3) 
            (3)
            lease any rail property of the Alaska Railroad for a term in excess of five years.
    (c) Format for accounting practices and systems
        (c)
        Format for accounting practices and systems
            Prior to transfer of the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad to the State, the Alaska Railroad’s accounting practices and systems shall be capable of reporting data to the Interstate Commerce Commission in formats required of comparable rail carriers subject to the jurisdiction of the Interstate Commerce Commission.
    (d) Fair market value; determination, terms and conditions, etc.
        (d)
        Fair market value; determination, terms and conditions, etc.
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within nine months after
                January 14, 1983
        (2) 
            (2)
            2 
            The determination made pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection shall not be construed to affect, enlarge, modify, or diminish any inventory, valuation, or classification required by the Interstate Commerce Commission pursuant to subchapter V
                2
                2 
                    2
§ 1205. Lands to be transferred
    (a) Availability of lands among rail properties
        (a)
        Availability of lands among rail properties
        Lands among the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad shall not be—
        (1) 
            (1)
            available for selection under
                section 12 of the Act of January 2, 1976
                43 U.S.C. 1611
        (2) 
            (2)
            available for conveyance under section 1425 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (
                Public Law 96–487
                94 Stat. 2515
        (3) 
            (3)
            available for conveyance to Chugach Natives, Inc., under sections 1429 or 1430 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (
                Public Law 96–487
                94 Stat. 2531
                43 U.S.C. 1611(c)
        (4) 
            (4)
            available under any law or regulation for entry, location, or for exchange by the United States, or for the initiation of a claim or selection by any party other than the State or other transferee under this chapter, except that this paragraph shall not prevent a conveyance pursuant to
                section 12(b)(8)(i)(D) of the Act of January 2, 1976
                43 U.S.C. 1611
    (b) Review and settlement of claims; administrative adjudication; management of lands; procedures applicable
        (b)
        Review and settlement of claims; administrative adjudication; management of lands; procedures applicable
        (1) 
            (1)
            (A) 
                (A)
                During the ten months following
                    January 14, 1983
                    section 1204(a) of this title
            (B) 
                (B)
                At the conclusion of the review and settlement process provided in subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, the Secretary of the Interior shall prepare a report identifying lands to be conveyed in accordance with settlement agreements under this chapter or applicable law. Such settlement shall not give rise to a presumption as to whether a parcel of land subject to such agreement is or is not public land.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Secretary of the Interior shall have the continuing jurisdiction and duty to adjudicate unresolved claims of valid existing rights pursuant to applicable law and this chapter. The Secretary of the Interior shall complete the final administrative adjudication required under this subsection not later than three years after
                January 14, 1983
                January 14, 1983
                January 14, 1983
        (3) 
            (3)
            Pending settlement or final administrative adjudication of claims of valid existing rights filed by Village Corporations prior to the date of transfer or while subject to the license granted to the State pursuant to
                section 1203(b)(1)(C) of this title
                section 12 of the Act of January 2, 1976
                Public Law 94–204
                89 Stat. 1150
        (4) 
            (4)
            The following procedures and requirements are established to promote finality of administrative adjudication of claims of valid existing rights filed by Village Corporations, to clarify and simplify the title status of lands subject to such claims, and to avoid potential impairment of railroad operations resulting from joint or divided ownership in substantial segments of right-of-way:
            (A) 
                (A)
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    Prior to final administrative adjudication of Village Corporation claims of valid existing rights in land subject to the license granted under
                        section 1203(b)(1)(C) of this title
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    With respect to a claim described in clause (i) of this subparagraph that is not settled or relinquished prior to final administrative adjudication, the Congress finds that exclusive control over the right-of-way by the Alaska Railroad has been and continues to be necessary to afford sufficient protection for safe and economic operation of the railroad. Upon failure of the interested Village Corporation to relinquish so much of its claims as involve lands within the right-of-way prior to final adjudication of valid existing rights, the Secretary shall convey to the State pursuant to section 1203(b)(1)(B) or (2) of this title all right, title and interest of the United States in and to the right-of-way free and clear of such Village Corporation’s claim to and interest in lands within such right-of-way.
            (B) 
                (B)
                Where lands within the right-of-way, or any interest in such lands, have been conveyed from Federal ownership prior to
                    January 14, 1983
                    section 1203(b) of this title
                    January 14, 1983
    (c) Judicial review; remedies available; standing of State
        (c)
        Judicial review; remedies available; standing of State
        (1) 
            (1)
            The final administrative adjudication pursuant to subsection (b) of this section shall be final agency action and subject to judicial review only by an action brought in the United States District Court for the District of Alaska.
        (2) 
            (2)
            No administrative or judicial action under this chapter shall enjoin or otherwise delay the transfer of the Alaska Railroad pursuant to this chapter, or substantially impair or impede the operations of the Alaska Railroad or the State-owned railroad.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Before the date of transfer, the State shall have standing to participate in any administrative determination or judicial review pursuant to this chapter. If transfer to the State does not occur pursuant to
                section 1203 of this title
    (d) Omitted
        (d)
        Omitted
    (e) Liability of State for damage to land while used under license
        (e)
        Liability of State for damage to land while used under license
            The State shall be liable to a party receiving a conveyance of land among the rail properties of the Alaska Railroad subject to the license granted pursuant to
                section 1203(b)(1)(C) of this title
§ 1206. Employees of Alaska Railroad
    (a) Coverage under Federal civil service retirement laws; election, funding, nature of benefits, etc., for employees transferring to State-owned railroad; voluntary separation incentives
        (a)
        Coverage under Federal civil service retirement laws; election, funding, nature of benefits, etc., for employees transferring to State-owned railroad; voluntary separation incentives
        (1) 
            (1)
            Any employees who elect to transfer to the State-owned railroad and who on the day before the date of transfer are subject to the civil service retirement law (subchapter III of chapter 83 of title 5) shall, so long as continually employed by the State-owned railroad without a break in service, continue to be subject to such law, except that the State-owned railroad shall have the option of providing benefits in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (2) of this subsection. Employment by the State-owned railroad without a break in continuity of service shall be considered to be employment by the United States Government for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 83 of title 5. The State-owned railroad shall be the employing agency for purposes of
                section 8334(a) of title 5
                section 8331(3) of title 5
                section 8334(a) of title 5
        (2) 
            (2)
            At any time during the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer, the State-owned railroad shall have the option of providing to transferred employees retirement benefits, reflecting prior Federal service, in or substantially equivalent to benefits under the retirement program maintained by the State for State employees. If the State decides to provide benefits under this paragraph, the State shall provide such benefits to all transferred employees, except those employees who will meet the age and service requirements for retirement under section 8336(a), (b), (c) or (f) of title 5 within five years after the date of transfer and who elect to remain participants in the Federal retirement program.
        (3) 
            (3)
            If the State provides benefits under paragraph (2) of this subsection—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the provisions of paragraph (1) of this subsection regarding payments into the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund for those employees who are transferred to the State program shall have no further force and effect (other than for employees who will meet the age and service requirements for retirement under section 8336(a), (b), (c) or (f) of title 5 within five years after the date of transfer and who elect to remain participants in the Federal retirement program); and
            (B) 
                (B)
                all of the accrued employee and employer contributions and accrued interest on such contributions made by and on behalf of the transferred employees during their prior Federal service (other than amounts for employees who will meet the age and service requirements for retirement under section 8336(a), (b), (c) or (f) of title 5 within five years after the date of transfer and who elect to remain participants in the Federal retirement program) shall be withdrawn from the Federal Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund and shall be paid into the retirement fund utilized by the State-owned railroad for the transferred employees, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (2) of this subsection. Upon such payment, credit for prior Federal service under the Federal civil service retirement system shall be forever barred, notwithstanding the provisions of
                    section 8334 of title 5
        (4) 
            (4)
            (A) 
                (A)
                The State-owned railroad shall be included in the definition of “agency” for purposes of section 3(a), (b), (c), and (e) of the Federal Workforce Restructuring Act of 1994 and may elect to participate in the voluntary separation incentive program established under such Act. Any employee of the State-owned railroad who meets the qualifications as described under the first sentence of paragraph (1) shall be deemed an employee under such Act.
            (B) 
                (B)
                An employee who has received a voluntary separation incentive payment under this paragraph and accepts employment with the State-owned railroad within 5 years after the date of separation on which payment of the incentive is based shall be required to repay the entire amount of the incentive payment unless the head of the State-owned railroad determines that the individual involved possesses unique abilities and is the only qualified applicant available for the position.
    (b) Coverage for employees not transferring to State-owned railroad
        (b)
        Coverage for employees not transferring to State-owned railroad
            Employees of the Alaska Railroad who do not transfer to the State-owned railroad shall be entitled to all of the rights and benefits available to them under Federal law for discontinued employees.
    (c) Rights and benefits of transferred employees whose employment with State-owned railroad is terminated
        (c)
        Rights and benefits of transferred employees whose employment with State-owned railroad is terminated
            Transferred employees whose employment with the State-owned railroad is terminated during the two-year period commencing on the date of transfer shall be entitled to all of the rights and benefits of discontinued employees that such employees would have had under Federal law if their termination had occurred immediately before the date of the transfer, except that financial compensation paid to officers of the Alaska Railroad shall be limited to that compensation provided pursuant to
                section 1203(d)(3)(E) of this title
    (d) Lump-sum payment for unused annual leave for employees transferring to State-owned railroad
        (d)
        Lump-sum payment for unused annual leave for employees transferring to State-owned railroad
            Any employee who transfers to the State-owned railroad under this chapter shall not be entitled to lump-sum payment for unused annual leave under
                section 5551 of title 5
    (e) Continued coverage for certain employees and annuitants in Federal health benefits plans and life insurance plans
        (e)
        Continued coverage for certain employees and annuitants in Federal health benefits plans and life insurance plans
        (1) 
            (1)
            Any person described under the provisions of paragraph (2) may elect life insurance coverage under chapter 87 of title 5 and enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5 in accordance with the provisions of this subsection.
        (2) 
            (2)
            The provisions of paragraph (1) shall apply to any person who—
            (A) 
                (A)
                on
                    March 30, 1994
            (B) 
                (B)
                has 20 years or more of service (in the civil service as a Federal employee or as an employee of the State-owned railroad, combined) on the date of retirement from the State-owned railroad; and
            (C) 
                (C)
                (i) 
                    (i)
                    was covered under a life insurance policy pursuant to chapter 87 of title 5 on
                        January 4, 1985
                (ii) 
                    (ii)
                    was enrolled in a health benefits plan pursuant to chapter 89 of title 5 on
                        January 4, 1985
        (3) 
            (3)
            For purposes of this section, any person described under the provisions of paragraph (2) shall be deemed to have been covered under a life insurance policy under chapter 87 of title 5 and to have been enrolled in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5 during the period beginning on
                January 5, 1985
        (4) 
            (4)
            The provisions of paragraph (1) shall not apply to any person described under paragraph (2) until the date such person retires from the State-owned railroad.
§ 1207. State operation
    (a) Laws, authorities, etc., applicable to State-owned railroad with status as rail carrier engaged in interstate and foreign commerce
        (a)
        Laws, authorities, etc., applicable to State-owned railroad with status as rail carrier engaged in interstate and foreign commerce
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            After the date of transfer to the State pursuant to
                section 1203 of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
                45 U.S.C. 231
                26 U.S.C. 3201
                45 U.S.C. 151
                April 22, 1908
                45 U.S.C. 51
                45 U.S.C. 351
        (2) 
            (2)
            2 
            The transfer to the State authorized by
                section 1203 of this title
                2
                2 
                    2
        (3) 
            (3)
            All memoranda which sanction noncompliance with Federal railroad safety regulations contained in 49 CFR Parts 209–236, and which are in effect on the date of transfer, shall continue in effect according to their terms as “waivers of compliance” (as that term is used in
                section 20103(d) of title 49
        (4) 
            (4)
            The operation of trains by the State-owned railroad shall not be subject to the requirement of any State or local law which specifies the minimum number of crew members which must be employed in connection with the operation of such trains.
        (5) 
            (5)
            Revenues generated by the State-owned railroad, including any amount appropriated or otherwise made available to the State-owned railroad, shall be retained and managed by the State-owned railroad for railroad and related purposes.
        (6) 
            (6)
            (A) 
                (A)
                After the date of transfer, continued operation of the Alaska Railroad by a public corporation, authority or other agency of the State shall be deemed to be an exercise of an essential governmental function, and revenue derived from such operation shall be deemed to accrue to the State for the purposes of
                    section 115(a)(1) of title 26
                    2
                    2
            (B) 
                (B)
                Nothing in this chapter shall be deemed or construed to affect customary tax treatment of private investment in the equipment or other assets that are used or owned by the State-owned railroad.
    (b) Procedures for issuance of certificate of public convenience and necessity; inventory, valuation, or classification of property; additional laws, authorities, etc., applicable
        (b)
        Procedures for issuance of certificate of public convenience and necessity; inventory, valuation, or classification of property; additional laws, authorities, etc., applicable
            As soon as practicable after
                January 14, 1983
                2
                42 U.S.C. 4321
                42 U.S.C. 6362(b)
    (c) Eligibility for participation in Federal railroad assistance programs
        (c)
        Eligibility for participation in Federal railroad assistance programs
            The State-owned railroad shall be eligible to participate in all Federal railroad assistance programs on a basis equal to that of other rail carriers subject to part A of subtitle IV of title 49.
    (d) Laws and regulations applicable to national forest and park lands; limitations on Federal actions
        (d)
        Laws and regulations applicable to national forest and park lands; limitations on Federal actions
            After the date of transfer to the State pursuant to
                section 1203 of this title
    (e) Preservation and protection of rail properties
        (e)
        Preservation and protection of rail properties
            The State-owned railroad may take any necessary or appropriate action, consistent with Federal railroad safety laws, to preserve and protect its rail properties in the interests of safety.
§ 1208. Future rights-of-way
    (a) Access across Federal lands; application approval
        (a)
        Access across Federal lands; application approval
            After
                January 14, 1983
    (b) Consultative requirements prior to approval of application; conformance of rights-of-way, etc.
        (b)
        Consultative requirements prior to approval of application; conformance of rights-of-way, etc.
        1 
            1 
            Before approving a right-of-way application described in subsection (a) of this section, the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as appropriate, shall consult with the Secretary. Approval of an application for a right-of-way, permit, lease, or conveyance described in subsection (a) of this section shall be pursuant to applicable law. Rights-of-way, grounds, and sites granted pursuant to this section and other applicable law shall conform, to the extent possible, to the standards provided in the Act of
                March 12, 1914
                43 U.S.C. 975
                section 1202(6) of this title
                section 615 of this title
                1
                1 
                    1
§ 1209. Repealed.
§ 1210. Other disposition
    (1) 
        (1)
        1 
        such preference shall not diminish or modify the rights of the Cook Inlet Region, Incorporated (as that term is used in
            section 12 of the Act of January 2, 1976
            Public Law 94–204
            89 Stat. 1150
            section 606(d) of this title
            1
            1 
                1
    (2) 
        (2)
        this section shall not be construed to diminish or modify the powers of consent of the Secretary or the State under section 12(b)(8) of such Act, as amended by
            section 606(d)(5) of this title
            1
§ 1211. Denali National Park and Preserve lands
        On the date of transfer to the State (pursuant to
            section 1203 of this title
            section 1210 of this title
            section 1203(b)(1)(D) of this title
            section 1210 of this title
            section 1203(b)(1)(D) of this title
§ 1212. Applicability of other laws
    (a) Actions subject to other laws
        (a)
        Actions subject to other laws
            The provisions of chapter 5 of title 5 (popularly known as the Administrative Procedure Act, and including provisions popularly known as the Government in the Sunshine Act), chapter 10 of title 5, division A of subtitle III of title 54,
                section 303 of title 49
                42 U.S.C. 4321
                section 1208 of this title
    (b) Federal surplus property disposal; withdrawal or reservation of land for use of Alaska Railroad
        (b)
        Federal surplus property disposal; withdrawal or reservation of land for use of Alaska Railroad
        1 
            1 
            The enactment of this chapter, actions taken during the transition period as provided in
                section 1204 of this title
                October 3, 1944
                1
                1 
                    1
                March 12, 1914
                43 U.S.C. 975
                48 U.S.C. 21
                43 U.S.C. 1601
                January 2, 1976
                Public Law 94–204
                89 Stat. 1145
                Public Law 96–487
                94 Stat. 2371
    (c) Ceiling on Government contributions for Federal employees health benefits insurance premiums
        (c)
        Ceiling on Government contributions for Federal employees health benefits insurance premiums
            Beginning on
                January 14, 1983
                section 8906(b)(2) of title 5
    (d) Acreage entitlement of State or Native Corporation
        (d)
        Acreage entitlement of State or Native Corporation
            Nothing in this chapter is intended to enlarge or diminish the acreage entitlement of the State or any Native Corporation pursuant to existing law.
    (e) Judgments involving interests, etc., of Native Corporations
        (e)
        Judgments involving interests, etc., of Native Corporations
            With respect to interests of Native Corporations under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (
                43 U.S.C. 1601
                16 U.S.C. 3101
§ 1213. Conflict with other laws
        The provisions of this chapter shall govern if there is any conflict between this chapter and any other law.
§ 1214. Separability
        If any provision of this chapter or the application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the remainder of this chapter and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby.
§ 1301. Findings
    (1) 
        (1)
        the bankruptcy of the Penn Central and other railroads in the Northeast and Midwest resulted in a transportation emergency which required the intervention of the Federal Government;
    (2) 
        (2)
        the United States Government created the Consolidated Rail Corporation, which provides essential rail service to the Northeast and Midwest;
    (3) 
        (3)
        the future of rail service in the Northeast and Midwest is essential and must be protected through rail service obligations, consistent with the transfer of the Corporation to the private sector;
    (4) 
        (4)
        the Northeast Rail Service Act of 1981 has achieved its purpose in allowing the Corporation to become financially self-sustaining;
    (5) 
        (5)
        the Federal Government has invested over $7,000,000,000 in providing rail service to the Northeast and Midwest;
    (6) 
        (6)
        the Government, as a result of its ownership and investment of taxpayer dollars in the Corporation, controls substantial assets, including cash of approximately $1,000,000,000;
    (7) 
        (7)
        the Corporation’s viability and sound performance allow it to be sold to the American public for a substantial sum through a public offering;
    (8) 
        (8)
        a public offering of the Corporation’s stock will preserve competitive rail service in the region, provide a reasonable return to the Government, and protect employment;
    (9) 
        (9)
        the Corporation’s employees contributed significantly to the turnaround in the Corporation’s financial performance and they should share in the Corporation’s success through a settlement of their claims for reimbursement for wages below industry standard, and a share in the common equity of the Corporation;
    (10) 
        (10)
        1 
        the requirements of section 761(e)
            1
            1 
                1
    (11) 
        (11)
        the Secretary of Transportation has discharged the responsibilities of the Department of Transportation under the Northeast Rail Service Act of 1981 with respect to the sale of the Corporation as a single entity.
§ 1302. Purposes
        The purposes of this chapter are to transfer the interest of the United States in the common stock of the Corporation to the private sector in a manner that provides for the long-term viability of the Corporation, provides for the continuation by the Corporation of its rail service in the Northeast and Midwest, provides for the protection of the public interest in a sound rail transportation system, and, to the extent not inconsistent with such purposes, secures the maximum proceeds to the United States.
§ 1303. Definitions
    (1) 
        (1)
        the term “capital expenditures” means amounts expended by the Corporation and its subsidiaries for replacement or rehabilitation of, or enhancements to, the railroad plant, property, trackage, and equipment of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and in interpreting generally accepted accounting principles, no amount spent on normal repair, maintenance, and upkeep of such railroad plant, property, trackage, and equipment in the ordinary course of business shall constitute capital expenditures;
    (2) 
        (2)
        the term “Commission” means the Interstate Commerce Commission;
    (3) 
        (3)
        the term “consolidated funded debt” means the aggregate, after eliminating intercompany items, of all funded debt of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, consolidated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
    (4) 
        (4)
        the term “consolidated tangible net worth” means the market value of the common equity of the Corporation as of the sale date, plus or minus the change from the sale date to the date of measurement in the excess, after making appropriate deductions for any minority interest in the net worth of subsidiaries, of—
        (A) 
            (A)
            the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries (excluding intercompany items) which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, are tangible assets, after deducting adequate reserves in each case where, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, a reserve is proper, over
        (B) 
            (B)
            all liabilities of the Corporation and its subsidiaries (excluding intercompany items),
        taking into account inventory and securities on the basis of the cost or current market value, whichever is lower, and not taking into account patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, licenses, goodwill, treasury stock, or any write-up in the book value of any assets;
    (5) 
        (5)
        the term “Corporation” means the Consolidated Rail Corporation;
    (6) 
        (6)
        the term “cumulative net income” means, for any period, the net income of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, before provision for expenses (net of income tax effect) related to—
        (A) 
            (A)
            amounts paid by the Corporation under section 4024(e), and comparable payments made to present and former employees of the Corporation not covered by such section; and
        (B) 
            (B)
            the aggregate value of any shares and cash distributed by the Corporation under section 4024(f);
    (7) 
        (7)
        the term “debt” means (A) indebtedness, whether or not represented by bonds, debentures, notes, or other securities, for the repayment of money borrowed, (B) deferred indebtedness for the payment of the purchase price of property or assets purchased, (C) guarantees, endorsements, assumptions, and other contingent obligations in respect of, or to purchase or to otherwise acquire, indebtedness of others, and (D) indebtedness secured by any mortgage, pledge, or lien existing on property owned, subject to such mortgage, pledge, or lien, whether or not indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed;
    (8) 
        (8)
        the term “funded debt” means all debt created, assumed, or guaranteed, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation and its subsidiaries which matures by its terms, or is renewable at the option of the Corporation or any such subsidiary to a date, more than 1 year after the date of the original creation, assumption, or guarantee of such debt by the Corporation or such subsidiary;
    (9) 
        (9)
        the term “liabilities” means all items of indebtedness or liability which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, would be included in determining total liabilities as shown on the liabilities side of a balance sheet as at the date as of which liabilities are to be determined;
    (10) 
        (10)
        the term “person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, association, trust, or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision thereof or a governmental body;
    (11) 
        (11)
        the term “preferred stock” means any class or series of preferred stock, and any class or series of common stock having liquidation and dividend rights and preferences superior to the common stock of the Corporation offered for sale under
            section 1312 of this title
    (12) 
        (12)
        the term “public offering” means an underwritten offering to the public of such common stock of the Corporation as the Secretary of Transportation determines to sell under
            section 1312 of this title
    (13) 
        (13)
        the term “sale date” means the date on which the initial public offering is closed;
    (14) 
        (14)
        the term “subsidiary” means any corporation more than 50 percent of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned by the Corporation; and
    (15) 
        (15)
        the term “United States share” means a share of common stock of the Corporation held by the United States Government on
            October 21, 1986
            section 1312(d) of this title
§ 1311. Preparation for public offering
    (a) Public offering managers
        (a)
        Public offering managers
        (1) 
            (1)
            Not later than 30 days after
                October 21, 1986
        (2) 
            (2)
            In selecting the investment banking firms to serve as co-lead managers of the public offering under paragraph (1), consideration shall be given to the firm’s institutional and retail distribution capabilities, financial strength, knowledge of the railroad industry, experience in large scale public offerings, research capability, and reputation. In addition, recognition shall also be given to contributions made by particular investment banking firms before
                October 21, 1986
    (b) Payment to United States
        (b)
        Payment to United States
        (1) 
            (1)
            Not later than 30 days after
                October 21, 1986
        (2) 
            (2)
            On or before
                February 1, 1987
    (c) Registration statement
        (c)
        Registration statement
            The Corporation shall prepare and cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement with respect to the securities to be offered and sold in accordance with the securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder in connection with the initial and any subsequent public offering.
    (d) Omitted
        (d)
        Omitted
§ 1312. Public offering
    (a) Structure of public offering
        (a)
        Structure of public offering
        (1) 
            (1)
            After the registration statement referred to in
                section 1311(c) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Secretary of Transportation, after such consultation, may elect to offer less than all of the United States shares for sale at the time of the initial sale.
        (3) 
            (3)
            Under no circumstances shall the Secretary of Transportation offer any of the United States shares for sale unless, before the sale date, the Secretary determines, after such consultation, that the estimated sum of the gross proceeds from the sale of all the United States shares will be an adequate amount. A determination by the Secretary under this paragraph shall not be reviewable.
        (4) 
            (4)
            In making a determination under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall have the goal of obtaining at least $2,000,000,000 in aggregate gross proceeds for the United States from the public offering and any payments made under
                section 1311(b) of this title
    (b) Subsequent sales
        (b)
        Subsequent sales
            If the Secretary of Transportation elects to offer for sale less than all the United States shares, the Secretary shall sell the remaining United States shares in subsequent public offerings.
    (c) Consent of Corporation not required
        (c)
        Consent of Corporation not required
            Any public offering under this section may be made without the consent of the Corporation.
    (d) Authority to require stock splits
        (d)
        Authority to require stock splits
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the co-lead managers and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, may, in connection with the initial public offering described in subsection (a), before the filing of the registration statement referred to in
                section 1311(c) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            The Corporation shall take such action as may be necessary to comply with the Secretary’s requirements under this subsection.
    (e) Cancellation of other securities held by United States
        (e)
        Cancellation of other securities held by United States
        (1) 
            (1)
            In consideration for amounts transferred to the United States under
                section 1311(b) of this title
        (2) 
            (2)
            For purposes of regulation by the Commission and State public utility regulation, the actions authorized by this subsection, the public offering, and the value of the consideration received therefor shall not change the value of the Corporation’s assets net of depreciation and shall not be used to alter the calculation of the Corporation’s stock or asset values, rate base, expenses, costs, returns, profits, or revenues, or otherwise affect or be the basis for a change in the regulation of any railroad service, rate, or practice provided or established by the Corporation, or any change in the financial reporting practice of the Corporation.
    (f) Minority investment banking firms
        (f)
        Minority investment banking firms
            The Secretary of Transportation shall ensure that minority owned or controlled investment banking firms shall have an opportunity to participate to a significant degree in any public offering under this subchapter.
    (g) Investment banking firm requirements
        (g)
        Investment banking firm requirements
        (1) 
            (1)
            The level of any investment banking firm’s participation in the public offering shall be consistent with that firm’s financial capabilities.
        (2) 
            (2)
            No investment banking firm which was not in existence on
                September 1, 1986
    (h) Government Accountability Office authority to conduct audits
        (h)
        Government Accountability Office authority to conduct audits
            The Government Accountability Office may make such audits as may be deemed appropriate by the Comptroller General of the United States of all accounts, books, records, memoranda, correspondence, and other documents and transactions of the Corporation and the co-lead managers associated with the public offering. The co-lead managers shall agree, in writing, to allow the Government Accountability Office to make such audits. The Government Accountability Office shall report the results of all such audits to the Congress.
§ 1313. Fees
    (a) Investment banking firm fees
        (a)
        Investment banking firm fees
            The Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall agree to pay to investment banking firms and other persons participating with such firms in the public offering the absolute minimum amount in fees necessary to carry out the public offering.
    (b) Costs of public offering
        (b)
        Costs of public offering
            All costs of the public offering payable by the Secretary of Transportation shall be paid from the proceeds of the public offering.
§ 1321. Rail service obligations
    (a) Obligations of Corporation
        (a)
        Obligations of Corporation
        During a period of 5 years beginning on
            October 21, 1986
        (1) 
            (1)
            The Corporation shall spend in each fiscal year the greater of (A) an amount equal to the Corporation’s depreciation for financial reporting purposes for such year or (B) $500,000,000, in capital expenditures. With respect to any fiscal year, the Corporation’s Board of Directors may reduce the required capital expenditures for such year to an amount which the Board determines is justified by prudent business and engineering practices, except that the Corporation’s capital expenditures shall not be less than $350,000,000 for its first fiscal year beginning after the sale date, a total of $700,000,000 for its first two fiscal years beginning after the sale date, a total of $1,050,000,000 for its first three fiscal years beginning after the sale date, a total of $1,400,000,000 for its first four fiscal years beginning after the sale date, and a total of $1,750,000,000 for its first five fiscal years beginning after the sale date.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Repealed.
                Pub. L. 101–213, § 2(b)(3)
                Dec. 11, 1989
                103 Stat. 1843
        (3) 
            (3)
            The Corporation shall continue its affirmative action program and its minority vendor program, substantially as such programs were being conducted by the Corporation as of
                February 8, 1985
        (4) 
            (4)
            The Corporation shall not permit to occur any transaction or series of transactions (other than in the ordinary course of business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries) whereby all or any substantial part of the railroad assets and business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are sold, leased, transferred, or otherwise disposed of to any corporation or entity other than to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation.
        (5) 
            (5)
            The Corporation shall offer any line for which an abandonment certificate is issued by the Commission to a purchaser who agrees to provide interconnecting rail service. Such offer shall last for the 120-day period following the date of issuance of the abandonment certificate and the price for such abandoned line shall be equal to 75 percent of net liquidation value as determined by the Commission, pursuant to regulations that had been issued under
                section 748 of this title
        (6) 
            (6)
            The Corporation and its subsidiaries shall maintain, preserve, protect, and keep their respective properties in good repair, working order, and condition, and shall not permit deferral of normal and prudent maintenance necessary to provide and maintain rail service.
    (b) Compliance certificates
        (b)
        Compliance certificates
        (1) 
            (1)
            Within 90 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, or at the time its financial statements have been audited, whichever occurs later, the Corporation shall deliver to the Secretary of Transportation a certificate executed by an executive officer of the Corporation. Such certificate shall certify that, as of such date, the Corporation is in compliance with all requirements (other than the requirement regarding a common stock dividend or a preferred stock dividend) set forth in this section. Such certificate shall include audited consolidated financial statements.
        (2) 
            (2)
            Within 5 days after the declaration of any common stock dividend or preferred stock dividend, the Corporation shall deliver to the Secretary of Transportation a certificate executed by an executive officer of the Corporation. Such certificate shall certify that, after giving effect to any such dividend, the Corporation shall be in compliance with any requirement regarding a common stock dividend or a preferred stock dividend set forth in this section. Such certificate shall include—
            (A) 
                (A)
                quarterly financial statements; and
            (B) 
                (B)
                a report of the Corporation’s total capital expenditures,
            for the period with respect to which the dividend has been declared, and the fiscal year to date, and shall compare such capital expenditures to the budgeted capital expenditures and to the capital expenditures during the comparable periods of the previous fiscal year.
§ 1322. Ownership limitations
    (a) General
        (a)
        General
        (1) 
            (1)
            During a period of 3 years beginning on the sale date, no person, directly or indirectly, may acquire or hold securities representing more than 10 percent of the total votes of all outstanding voting securities of the Corporation.
        (2) 
            (2)
            This subsection shall not apply—
            (A) 
                (A)
                to the employee stock ownership plan (or successor plans) of the Corporation,
            (B) 
                (B)
                to the Secretary of Transportation,
            (C) 
                (C)
                to a railroad as described under subsection (b),
            (D) 
                (D)
                to underwriting syndicates holding shares for resale, or
            (E) 
                (E)
                in the case of shares beneficially held for others, to commercial banks, broker-dealers, clearing corporations, or other nominees.
    (b) Railroads
        (b)
        Railroads
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            During a period of 1 year beginning on the sale date, no railroad may purchase or hold, directly or indirectly, more than 10 percent of any class of stock of the Corporation. During such period, no railroad may file an application with the Commission for a merger or consolidation with the Corporation or the acquisition of control of the Corporation under section 11344
                1
                1 
                    1
        (2) 
            (2)
            During a period of 3 years beginning on the sale date, any railroad which purchases or holds any stock of the Corporation shall vote such stock in the same proportion as all other common stock of the Corporation is voted. After the expiration of 1 year after the sale date, the preceding sentence shall not apply to any railroad with respect to which the Commission has approved an application for a merger or consolidation with the Corporation or the acquisition of control of the Corporation under section 11344
                1
        (3) 
            (3)
            As used in this subsection, the term “railroad” means a class I railroad as determined by the Commission under the definition in effect on
                October 21, 1986
§ 1323. Board of Directors
    (1) 
        (1)
        Except as provided in paragraph (3), with respect to the period ending
            June 30, 1987
            October 21, 1986
    (2) 
        (2)
        (A) 
            (A)
            Except as provided in paragraph (3), with respect to the period beginning
                July 1, 1987
            (i) 
                (i)
                3 directors appointed by the Secretary of Transportation;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation; and
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                8 directors appointed from among persons knowledgeable in business affairs by the special court trustees named under subparagraph (C), in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and recognizing the need for and importance of—
                (I) 
                    (I)
                    continuity in the direction of the Corporation’s business and affairs;
                (II) 
                    (II)
                    preserving the value of the investment of the United States in the Corporation;
                (III) 
                    (III)
                    preserving essential rail service provided by the Corporation; and
                (IV) 
                    (IV)
                    providing for the sale of the United States shares.
        (B) 
            (B)
            The Secretary of Transportation and the special court trustees may appoint directors under subparagraph (A) from among existing directors of the Corporation.
        (C) 
            (C)
            (i) 
                (i)
                If more than 50 percent of the interest of the United States in the Corporation has not been sold before
                    June 1, 1987
                    section 719 of this title
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                No person shall be eligible to be appointed as a special court trustee under this subparagraph who, at any time during the 30 months immediately preceding such appointment, was an officer, employee, or director of the United States Railway Association, the Corporation, or the Department of Transportation.
    (3) 
        (3)
        (A) 
            (A)
            After the sale date, one director shall be elected by the public shareholders of the Corporation for each increment of 12.5 percent of the interest of the United States in the Corporation that has been sold through public offering.
        (B) 
            (B)
            With respect to the period ending
                June 30, 1987
            (i) 
                (i)
                the first director elected under this paragraph shall replace the member of the board who became a director most recently from among—
                (I) 
                    (I)
                    directors appointed by the United States Railway Association, or elected under paragraph (1) to replace such a director, and
                (II) 
                    (II)
                    directors appointed by the Secretary of Transportation, or elected under paragraph (1) to replace such a director;
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                the second director elected under this paragraph shall replace the member of the Board who became a director most recently from among directors described in clause (i)(I) or (II), whichever group the first director replaced under this subparagraph was not a member of; and
            (iii) 
                (iii)
                subsequent directors elected under this paragraph shall replace members alternately from the groups described in clause (i)(I) and (II).
        (C) 
            (C)
            With respect to the period beginning
                July 1, 1987
        (D) 
            (D)
            With respect to the period beginning on the first date more than 50 percent of the interest of the United States in the Corporation has been sold through public offering and ending when 100 percent of such interest has been sold—
            (i) 
                (i)
                all remaining members of the board referred to in paragraph (2)(A)(iii), and
            (ii) 
                (ii)
                with respect to the period ending
                    June 30, 1987
            shall be replaced by directors elected by the public shareholders of the Corporation.
        (E) 
            (E)
            After 100 percent of the interest of the United States in the Corporation has been sold, any remaining directors appointed by the Secretary of Transportation, the United States Railway Association, or the special court trustees referred to under paragraph (2)(A)(iii), shall be replaced by directors elected by the public shareholders of the Corporation.
        (F) 
            (F)
            Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit any director referred to in this section from being elected as a director by the public shareholders of the Corporation.
    (4) 
        (4)
        (A) 
            (A)
            No director appointed or elected under this section shall be a special court trustee or an employee of the United States, except as elected by the public shareholders of the Corporation.
        (B) 
            (B)
            No director appointed or elected under this section shall be an employee of the Corporation, except as provided in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) or as elected by the public shareholders of the Corporation.
§ 1324. Certain enforcement relief
    (a) Enforcement actions
        (a)
        Enforcement actions
        1 
            1 
            The Secretary of Transportation, with respect to any provision of section 1321 or 1322 of this title, and any person who suffers direct and substantial economic injury as a result of an alleged violation by the Corporation, with respect to the provisions of section 1321(a)(1) and (2)
                1
                1 
                    1
                section 1322 of this title
    (b) Special court
        (b)
        Special court
            Any action brought under this subchapter shall be brought before the special court established under
                section 719 of this title
                section 1321 of this title
§ 1341. Abolition of United States Railway Association
    (a) Abolition and termination
        (a)
        Abolition and termination
        (1) 
            (1)
            Effective
                April 1, 1987
        (2) 
            (2)
            On
                January 1, 1987
                45 U.S.C. 701
        (3) 
            (3)
            The sole function of the United States Railway Association after
                January 1, 1987
    (b) Transfer of securities and responsibilities
        (b)
        Transfer of securities and responsibilities
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            Any securities of the Corporation held by the United States Railway Association shall, upon
                1
                1 
                    1
                October 21, 1986
        (2) 
            (2)
            If, on the date the United States Railway Association is abolished under subsection (a), such association shall not have completed the termination of its affairs and the liquidation of its assets, the duty of completing such winding up of its affairs and liquidation shall be transferred to the Secretary of Transportation, who for such purposes shall succeed to all remaining powers, duties, rights, and obligations of such association.
    (c) Financing agreement
        (c)
        Financing agreement
        (1) 
            (1)
            On
                January 1, 1987
                May 10, 1979
        (2) 
            (2)
            Effective as of the sale date, those provisions of the Financing Agreement referred to in paragraph (1) shall terminate.
§ 1342. Exemption from liability
    (a) In general
        (a)
        In general
            No person referred to in section 726(f)(8)(C)(i), (ii), or (iii) of this title shall be liable, for money damages or otherwise, to any party if, with respect to the subject matter of the action, suit, or proceeding, such person was fulfilling a duty, in connection with any action taken under this subchapter, which such person in good faith reasonably believed to be required by law or vested in such person.
    (b) Exception
        (b)
        Exception
            This section shall not apply to claims arising out of the Securities Act of 1933 [
                15 U.S.C. 77a
                15 U.S.C. 78a
                section 1312 of this title
§ 1343. Charter amendment
        Within 60 days after
            October 21, 1986
        “It shall be a fundamental purpose of the Corporation to maintain continued rail service in its service area.”.
§ 1344. Status of Conrail after sale
        The Corporation shall be a rail carrier as defined in
            section 10102 of title 49
§ 1345. Effect on contracts
        Nothing in this subchapter shall affect any obligation of the Corporation to carry out its transportation contracts and equipment leases, equipment trusts, and conditional sales agreements, in accordance with their terms.
§ 1346. Resolution of certain issues
    (a) Employee issues
        (a)
        Employee issues
        Section 4024 completely and finally—
        (1) 
            (1)
            1 
            extinguishes all employee rights, and any obligation of the United States, under section 761(e)
                1
                1 
                    1
                October 21, 1986
        (2) 
            (2)
            resolves any and all claims against the Corporation or any other person arising under the Definitive Agreement referred to in section 4024(d)(1) or any other agreement containing similar terms and conditions;
        (3) 
            (3)
            resolves all claims to pay entitlements arising out of the pay increase deferrals by present and former employees of the Corporation under the Agreement of
                May 5, 1981
        (4) 
            (4)
            resolves all issues raised by notices served by representatives of such employees under
                section 156 of this title
        (5) 
            (5)
            resolves all claims against the Railway Labor Executives’ Association or the Corporation by any adviser, consultant, or other person who has provided services to such association in connection with any matter referred to in this subchapter.
    (b) Corporation actions
        (b)
        Corporation actions
            The Corporation shall not be considered to be in breach, default, or violation of any agreement to which it is a party, notwithstanding any provision of such agreement, because of any provision of this subchapter or any action the Corporation is required to take under this subchapter.
    (c) Right to sue withdrawn
        (c)
        Right to sue withdrawn
            The United States hereby withdraws any stated or implied consent for the United States, or any agent or officer of the United States, to be sued by any person for any legal, equitable, or other relief with respect to any claim arising out of, or resulting from, acts or omissions under this subchapter, except actions brought to require the Secretary of Transportation to perform duties or acts required under part A of this subchapter.
§ 1347. Tax treatment of Conrail public sale
    (a) Treatment as new corporation
        (a)
        Treatment as new corporation
        (1) In general
            (1)
            In general
                For periods after the public sale, for purposes of title 26, Conrail shall be treated as a new corporation which purchased all of its assets as of the beginning of the day after the date of the public sale for an amount equal to the deemed purchase price.
        (2) Allocation among assets
            (2)
            Allocation among assets
                The deemed purchase price shall be allocated among the assets of Conrail in accordance with the temporary regulations prescribed under
                    section 338 of title 26
                    October 21, 1986
        (3) Deemed purchase price
            (3)
            Deemed purchase price
            For purposes of this subsection, the deemed purchase price is an amount equal to the gross amount received pursuant to the public sale, multiplied by a fraction—
            (A) 
                (A)
                the numerator of which is 100 percent, and
            (B) 
                (B)
                the denominator of which is the percentage (by value) of the stock of Conrail sold in the public sale.
            The amount determined under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted under regulations prescribed by the Secretary for liabilities of Conrail and other relevant items.
    (b) No income from cancellation of debt or preferred stock
        (b)
        No income from cancellation of debt or preferred stock
            No amount shall be included in the gross income of any person by reason of any cancellation of any obligation (or preferred stock) of Conrail in connection with the public sale.
    (c) Disallowance of certain deductions
        (c)
        Disallowance of certain deductions
            No deduction shall be allowed to Conrail for any amount which is paid after the date of the public sale to employees of Conrail for services performed on or before the date of the public sale.
    (d) Waiver of certain employee stock ownership plan provisions
        (d)
        Waiver of certain employee stock ownership plan provisions
        For purposes of determining whether the employee stock ownership plans of Conrail meet the qualifications of sections 401 and 501 of title 26—
        (1) 
            (1)
            the limits of section 415 of such title (relating to limitations on benefits and contributions under qualified plans) shall not apply with respect to interests in stock transferred pursuant to this Act or a law heretofore enacted, and
        (2) 
            (2)
            the 2-year waiting period for withdrawals shall not apply to withdrawals of amounts (or shares) in participants accounts in connection with the public sale.
    (e) Definitions
        (e)
        Definitions
        For purposes of this section—
        (1) Conrail
            (1)
            Conrail
                The term “Conrail” means the Consolidated Rail Corporation. Such term includes any corporation which was a subsidiary of Conrail immediately before the public sale.
        (2) Public sale
            (2)
            Public sale
                The term “public sale” means the sale of stock in Conrail pursuant to a public offering under the Conrail Privatization Act [
                    45 U.S.C. 1301
        (3) Secretary
            (3)
            Secretary
                The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate.
